When I was a kid we had an indoor cat who ran away in the middle of winter. He was gone for a week or two I think. One day an outdoor/stray cat showed up on our porch (I saw it through the window) and just sat there all nonchalantly. Behind it came our cat who just darted to our door. When we opened it up let him in the stray had gone and our indoor cat didn't want to run away again
My friends and I got stuck in the mud in Iceland. Dark beautiful surreal night.  Middle of nowhere. As we were trying to get the car unstuck, two dogs showed up. Very friendly. As we got in the car to leave, one ran To the front of the car, the other to the back.  We couldn’t figure out what they were doing at first.  We inched forward a bit thinking the dog in front would get out of the way but instead he started trotting ahead of  us.  We realized we were being herded back to the main road. As we passed a house the dogs sat in the front yard and watched us leave.  It was one of the most beautiful experiences of my life.

Edit:  wow! I make one little Reddit comment just before bed and wake up to 15k likes and 8 awards!  Thanks y’all!  I love you reddit people!
We have a long block into a forest, I was down the bottom when she saw me then kept looking back as she led me home.
"You can't open a tin of cat food way out here, get back in the house human!"
Follow my butthole to safety human.
She looks agitated. 

“Ridiculous human. Can’t even see in the dark. Never fills my bowl all the way and now *this*. Bet he can’t even smell home from here! Furless dolt. (Sigh) I guess I’ll handle it.....follow me.” 


I love her.
Damn. Our kitty just pisses in the hallway when he doesn’t like something that happened that day.
Reminds me of when I went to visit my cousins one time. They lived in a wooded area and had a path that led through the woods and circled back to their house. I was out there alone one day when I was 10 or so. the path was familiar-ish to me, I knew it pretty well, but got off of it to follow a creek for a bit. After a while I quickly realized I had not been paying attention to where I was going and tried to follow the creek back to where it met the path but I couldn't find it. Panic set in as I sat on a fallen tree trying to get my bearings. Suddenly I started to hear something sprinting through the woods at me so I hopped over the tree and hid behind it to shit my pants, but as it got closer I realized it was just my cousin's golden retriever, Ricky. He was like...hey dude let's play. So I said things like "hey let's go home!" And he'd take off in a certain direction and I'd try to follow him. If he got too far ahead he'd stop and wait. I repeated a couple times until I got to a familiar area. Ricky was a true bro.
And people say cats don't care about us
I watched this for 10 minutes before realizing the gif ends before they get home
When I was a kid, we had a cat that used to insist on leading me everywhere. She used to look over her shoulder to make sure I was still following her, even if it was just down the hall. She also used to get into bed with me and check me out before going to sleep at the foot of the bed. 

Cats love us because they think we'd be lost without them.
I used to have a cat that when I was in highschool, would walk with me all the way to my bus stop 2 blocks down, wait with me there, and then turn around and go home once I boarded the bus and we started leaving. Some times I'd sit in my seat and try to grab a window spot so that I could watch her look for me, find me, then go home. She passed away about 6 years ago to sudden cancer in her jaw. She was a great cat.
Aww, the way she keeps looking back to make sure you're still following.
My cat gets so excited when I walk in the woods with him, like he's proud to show me his territory!
One of my favorite childhood memories was of my cat trying to lead our family home from the creek we would play in. It was about a mile down a winding trail through the woods and downhill all the way.

The cat determined the way back would be more appropriate by traveling in a strait line, which included thorns and the steepest slopes possible.

She led us right out though.
"I've seen you walk into a wall in the middle of the night trying to go to the bathroom, I'm not leaving your sorry ass out here alone. Smdh..."
Was she leading you home, or to the the food bowl?
This is really cute and sweet when you take into consideration that cats just think were but clumsy oafs who cant care for themselves. 


Also... why are you outside in the dark..in...Australia.. 

Like not gonna lie my fears go spiders, clowns, dark, thunder Australia.
And they say cats never look out for people, 20/10 would feed and give scratches
[She looks like my toasty loaf 😭](https://i.imgur.com/fi4xXDJ.jpg)
My cats were exactly the opposite. We'd be out in the yard, me doing yardwork and they would be exploring/surveying/whatever cats do. And they would realize they were all alone out in that big open yard. Of course I'd only be about 25 yards away from them, and they would throw a hugeOMG WHERE'S DADDY?! OMG! THERE HE IS! LET"S GO! And they could come racing hell for leather, ears laid back, all in a tizzy.  Yeah, they were my cats all right. Silly kids.
this is why pets are a godsend, they really just be helpin out
My cat does this every day but only showing me how to get to the kitchen so I can feed him
Reminds me of a joke. So, a man and a wife had a cat. The man never liked the cat, so he decided to get rid of the cat. One day he takes the cat and drives few blocks away and drops the cat. But by the time he gets back, the cat is already back. Next time, he takes the cat again, this time drives to nearby town and leaves the cat, but again, the cat is home by the time he returns. The man gets upset, takes the cat and drives away, few towns over, into the field and woods, drops the cat and moves on. After few hours he calls the wife: 'Is the cat home?', wife says it is. Man says, 'Then put it on, I got lost.'

Now laugh, goddammit, laugh!
Fucking Jerry, always getting lost
>stupid fuk getting lost in the woods when you should be feeding me
How common is it for a cat to leave the house and just get adopted by another household?

For some reason I have it in my head that cats generally have impeccable direction and know exactly how to get back home if they wanted. AKA they choose to find a new family.
And the award for best girl goes to
Mine would lead me into a ditch.
Cuz she's a good girl :3
This way hooman...this way to my food bowl.
Human. Follow me. I know these lands well. I shall lead you home
IIRC cats perceive us as quite clumsy. She has this face like, “Oh great. How did you get yourself into this mess? You’ll never get home. Follow me.” What a sweet kitty
My cat followed me to the local bar about a half mile away on a hike.  She stayed there the whole time, and then walked with me home.  I think she wanted to make sure I could stumble home, or she’d have called a cab.
I love that he keeps on checking if owner is there. Lol are you coming...let's go...c'mon
She's just leading you to a quest
Cat: "human the bowl is empty. Feed me"
Joke is on you.

"Human servant, my food dish is this way."
Yooo I actually as a kid got lost while camping, had my lil maltese with me and was thinking, “well dude your guess is good as mine guess we’ll try your way”

Found some dude barbecuing and was able to get home from there lol.
I love it when cats are leading me on. They walk a it wait for me to catch up if I don't initially realise they want me to follow. Random cats outside often lead me nowhere in particular, my parents cats nearly always to the food bowl
No she just wanted you to top off her food bowl
My cat feeds me every morning. The auto dry food feeder dishes out some at 545, and when we get up at 6 one of us has to go and touch the food and pretend to eat or he won’t shut up. He hasnt figure out that I put the food there. Good boy.
"Fear not human! If you are lost, Khajeet shall help you find your way back to your domain
...


If human was the rewards to pay Khajeet"
Are you the Blair Witch?
I love you cat
I love how she looks back at them like "this way idiot!"
You think it's your home your cat is leading you to but its actually to his killing spot
THIS LITTLE LADY IS A CALICO CAT.
This reminds me of my old cat Pretzel. I was playing in the woods one day and he came out of nowhere and I followed him back home. This was 5 years ago and I still remember it to this day. He sadly died unexpectedly last December because of his brain damage.
I had my brothers cat come into my room (in the basement) to have me follow him all the way upstairs to my brothers room (2 sets of stairs) just to show me my brothers door was closed and he wanted in
Did you make it home ok, was the cat rewarded
Yeah, the way your kitty kept looking back to make sure you were following, this is what they do with kittens to make sure they don't get lost. That is so sweet.
“Are you still following me? What do I have to do to ditch you in the woods?!”
"This way, idiot." - cat
I love when he looks back like, “u comin’?” 🥰
Bless her, she’s really concerned, keeps looking back to make sure you’re still there, following.
Needs sound!

And are there any bobcats in your neck of the woods?
Come on Opposable Thumbs, time to get you safely back to the can opener.
I read somewhere that while dogs are aware that we are not dogs but want to be our friends anyway, cats think of us as very large and exceptionally stupid cats who need their help to survive. That’s also why they bring us wounded prey, so we can learn to feed ourselves.
Tomorrow on r/aww:

"My cat saw me struggling with my hw so she taught me differential equations and showed me how to use excel pivot tables to keep track of my exam scores!"
My dish is this way. And it’s almost empty!
"I will guide u home hooman".
She just wanted you to feed her
Or he just wanted to go home and you just happened to follow him.
"Turn that dang light off, you are scaring away the prey"
r/animalsbeingbros
Or just wanting you to hurry up so you can feed it.
Bet that cat was like:
Turn off that bright azz light you blind fuck
I‘ve watched this loop a few times now, and am just in awe of the beautiful color patches on her back. You’re lucky to have such a reliable nature guide.
What did you get up to last night mate?

“My human got out while the door was left open, spent hours looking and found the little shit playing in the woods, by the time I got them home and settled the night was over!”
She sure is taking care of you! What an adorable, helpful little guide kitty!
Cats really think we're stupid.  They catch food and bring it to us, we throw it out.  They sit near the toy they want us to play with and we just keep watching TV.  They lead us home and we go back out without hunting.
I remember my dad used to tell me stories about how cats never get lost no matter what. When he was little, he had a fight with his mom about a cat he wanted to keep, he went to the woods far away about three times to abandon the cat but the cat always found his way back home, and his mom decided to keep the cat.
Aw! When I was a kid, I used to go & visit my best friend who lived around the corner. Often, when I left to go home, our cat, Nancy, would be waiting for me & we’d race each other home!
We don't deserve them 🖤🖤🖤
Makes me think of my roommate is a cat
Let me show you dawae
Your cat thinks you are the slowest thing in the world
Calico cats are so adorable! ❤️
What a sweet friend. Such a sweet, yet vaguely insulting gesture. Typical cat condescension
*Keep up, ya drunk bastard, and don't throw up on me this time...*
“Come with me if you want to live”
I love that she was stopping occasionally to make sure you were following
"Bro, please go the fuck away from my love nest. Seriously, there is home. Go there, stay there I don't care. Don't disturb me here again. Jesus."
“I don’t know how you do it without me. I am the glue.”
Dumb human...can’t even find your way home?! Use your nose!
Good kitty! Mine just leads me to their food dishes.
Good kittie.
The way she keeps looking back to make sure you're following her is fucking adorable.
It's like the cat is doing an escort quest but really doesn't trust the AI haha
But you weren't, you were just u/SittingHereDrinking
Well if the cat thought u were lost most likely u were lost
My cat will follow me when I walk the dogs to make sure I get home safe!
When you see a friendly face in the forest
So sweet. She has better eyesight than us and knows it.
what a nice cat what's her name
My grandfather was always adamant about raising us with animals. Since we lived about 3 hours from any near by towns or anything so it was easy to wander too far and get lost in the new mexico desert. He always sent us out with a dog or on the horses. Once me and my younger brother got hopelessly lost. It was hot, about 108°F, I thought we were going to die but as soon as we gave up trying to find our way home the horses turned us around and walked us home!
My cat likes to walk with me if she sees me going for a walk around the neighborhood. Love these little beasts.
I think this is more proof that cats really see us a poor hunters and unfit to care for ourselves so they have to. 😂
"yo you need to feed me lets go"
Your cat was hungry and was taking you home so you could feed him.

FIFY
Anyone ever tried to follow their cat as a kid when they went outside?

My cats would always be pure offended.
Turn off the torch you are messing with the cats night vision
"Dis way, dummy." Cat, probably.
Cats do this all the time. They stop in front of you like that because they want to be petted.
So dumb. Nothing about this says the cat thought you were lost. All that fleebag is doing is trying to get food out of you.
Ownt, so adorable! ❤️
I live next to a park and when I come home through the park my cat comes out of the bushes and walks the last 200 meters with me and then goes back to the park to play🥰
You can being your cat into the Rainforest Cafe, now?
Our cat gets very vocal and concerned when we walk too far out of the driveway to check the mailboxes down the road.
Let’s be honest it was lunch time and you were late that’s the only reason he came 😉
"My human knows the way. I'll follow the light"
Homeward Bound: The Wholesome Journey
I never tire of the "make sure you're still following" glance cats do.
You really WERE lost,huh?
Awwww
My dog freaks out whenever me or my dad are swimming. If we go under water she gets anxious and fallows us till we resurface. I once was just floating on my back and she started barking to make sure I was okay. 

She is a good pup. Love my baby girl.
beautiful and special kitty 🤗🤗 😭😭
A few years ago two of our cats went missing and we had three. The third one knew there were predators bc one that went missing liked to go on walks with us and the third one kept meowing at him to come back
Nice and beautiful
Its that look back that gets me!  Meow indeed!!!!  Im not crying, youre crying.
This is cute, but the forest, the darkness and light is giving me major Outlast vibes and I hate it.
Thought this was some horror subreddit, thought the cat was gonna disappear and something was gonna attack the cameraman.

Nevertheless, nice cat!
Cat a gamer
My cat thought i thought he was hungry so he led me to his feeding bowl.
Aww
Goddamnit I love cats so much
Dis way, hooman
My cat used to follow me on walks and hide in between houses. I think she wanted to join me! Haha
Reminds me of arrietty
Aren't they just amazing!?!
Oh silly humond lost in the woods again. Didn’t I tell you to let your nose guide you?
Aweee 🥺 that is so wholesome✨
She only wanted you to feed her, yikes
She knew something was wrong when she saw you outside.
Confirmed side quest in a game, follow the cat.
Silly hooman
"Homan this is no place to die"
Follow me hooman
You clearly are lost. The food bowl is all the way back in the house!
Cat thought you were too stupid to navigate yourself.  The only place my cat navigates me to is his food dish.
She’s so pretty!!!    
    
Also r/AnimalsBeingBros
I love how she’s looking back, like telling “Are you following, I’m keeping a close eye on you”
That cat loves you...
"Silly Hooman, getting lost. How have they survived this long without knowing their surroundings??"
I used to have a cat and a black lab who have adventures with me, the cat (Felix) would lead me around and scare off any squirrels or birds. And the black lab was swimming with me near the edge of the lake I lived at. I got on a log and floated out I was scared and the dog (shadow) was swimming next to me looking at me. And I somehow knew she wanted to help me so I jumped in the water and she pushed me making me grab on. She swam me back to shore. I miss those animals. Truest friends I had. Felix would get in trouble trying to hang onto my book bag before school trying to sneak his way to school with me.
My cat leads me to the bathroom every morning. She meows me out of bed when my alarm goes off and herds me into the water closet. Then she meows at me while I tinkle and shows me to the sink to wash my hands. Then she goes back to bed. On weekends she can't stand to let me sleep in. I think she's afraid that I'll be late to work.
Hey that's what my cat does when she wants to show me that her bowl is only half full of food. Gotta look back every few seconds to make sure I'm following her lol
Are you ok back there *mutters under breath* you dumbass ?
The whole time she was probably wondering who let the human out again.
Kitty love's you, wants you home and safe and generous with the temptations! (Best kitty snacks ever)
She can't hear that you are following so needs to check it's still you?
Amazing really cute
Quit blinding your cat!
MY CAT DID THIS!
SHE WOULD BASICALLY WALK ME EVERYWHERE, SCHOOL, THE PARK, MY FAVORITE TRAILS AT NIGHT. She waited for me outside school everyday, even bit at my pant leg during the cross walks. 
At the park she would sometimes sun lounge on the dock beside me or go play with the kids. Never kept an eye off me, as soon as I got up and called her name she was right in front of me. The parents and children were amazed by how well she behaved. 
OMG  this is a sincere thank you, she walked always a step ahead and booped me just like that cat does in the video. I MISS HER SO MUCH.
He was just walking home with you, I think.
When the NPC you're supposed to follow is slow as fk
Just follow my butt hole human! Follow my butt hole to safety!
"stop following me I just wanna get home"
My cat always leads-follows. Gotta be first and gotta check to make sure we are both going the same way.
Cat: “ughhh i cant believe the hooman got lost again this is the third time i have to guide 
him back home.”
My cat only leads me to her food bowl to show me that it's empty and I better do my damn job and put food in it.
My cat does this inside, thinking I can't remember where I keep her food.
Bby cat un they jungle
She got you ❤😭
I love the constant checking to make sure you didn’t somehow get lost every 5 steps lmao
My cat does this every morning to make sure I make it to the bathroom safely.
This reminds me of a theory I once heard that the reason cats bring dead birds and mice into the house and leave them is because they think their owner is incapable of hunting and doesn't want them to starve.
I like that this is on gfycat
I heard that cats bring dead animals home isn't about pleasing you with a gift but because they think the person is a shit hunter and needs the help.
Bruh my cat does the same thing, it's really adorable.
A few months ago i was walking in the night an saw a cat was coming towards me. I thought she wanted to get cuddle, sry bad english. Se was moaning a bit weird and it was dark, so she ws walking infront of me, wich was weird. She walked 100m infront of me and always like cried.. i knew something is strange. After i wanted to turn right to go home she came to my legs and tried to tell me  something... So i followed her. She was walking to a house, and when i arrived the house i saw she was bleeding on the head. And she jumped to the door but it was closed.

I rang on someones neighbor of the house and the cat said thank you in cat words, she walked and licked my leg lol. So it was her home and i kinda saved her.

Cats are great.
So wholesome
and yet they say dogs are smarter/better than cats
I was hiking with my dog Ginger and it started to get dark outside and I was having trouble seeing the trail. She was on leash and led me straight back to the car. She was the best and I miss her so much. 💜
I bet the cat led him right to it's food bowl.
Cat thinking: these people with cognitive challenges are always getting lost we do what we can to ensure they arrive safely back!
113k upvotes now? Lol my cat does this every single night... and he leads me straight to his food bowl.
People really misunderstand cats behaviour and affection.

A dog loves you because you provide for them and are their leader. They show constant affection because they want you to keep them around 

A cat loves you because you belong to them. They will protect you and help you, but they don’t feel a need to show constant gratitude and affection because they own you, not the other way around.
Awww, what a little rescue cat. He or she must really care about you. 🐈+👩or👱‍♂️=❤️
She is 100% walking you back to her food bowl 😂
Got two male cats, both go walking with me because they think I'm too dumb to find my own way home. One is braver than the other in terms of range, so one stops at the boundary he's comfortable with and cries until I turn back to find him.

I also have a female cat and she does not give one shit if I were to get lost.
Leading you to her food bowl more like. 😃
just lost my boy today. when i was little he used to walk me to and from school, and later, whenever i walked the dog, he would come along. 
thank you for making me smile :)
Leading you straight back to the fridge. Then sitting there wondering what's taking you so long to break out the food.
My old cat used to come for walks with us, particularly at night. We'd take the dog for a walk and she'd run around, and meanwhile we'd hear a *whoosh* as the cat would burst past us to the next bush. This cat was practicing proper bounding.

We'd get home and the cat would just collapse in the front room with exhaustion. She as a fun cat.
I know this wood like the back of my paw.
This brought tears to my eyes 😭 2 cute!
Come, come Hobbitses, this way!
Once got lost in a pretty heavily forested area when I was 12, was just me and my friend who was a couple years younger then me....and his dog.....that dumbass had us going in circles for hours and all along we thought he knew the way back to the cottage ...
💕
How about when you let your cat out, you call them to come in, they don't come.   Then you go outside to get them, then they walk you back home like you lost your way, I MEAN WTH.
“This way hooman, just follow me!”
The outdoor feral cats my family and I rescued do that when we return home from a walk. We’ve had them for 10 years. They are lucky to still be living at 13.
people don't appreciate cats enough
that's a good calico kitty <3<3
That moment when she looks at u: dont worry hooman, I know the way.
My human’s night sight is poor, and they did not mark any trees to lead the way either. I suspect they cannot smell very well either. I suppose, much like the hunting, this too shall fall to me. I will guide them home safely.
Were you on a walk outside and happened to cross paths with your cat?
My cat sticks her claw in my toe
If you gave her sweets at the end she was leading you back to sweets :) One of mine does this every time I go into the bathroom. For some reason having a shave means I owe her treats :)
Wants to be fed.
That cat just wanted to be fed.
Pppfftt! My cat does that every day... showing me the way to his food bowl just in case I was lost and couldn't find my way.
Your cat was going home. It didn't think you were lost and was committing a noble deed. It's just a cat.
“If you die.. who will feed me” Lil Mama’s thinking
Can't lose your beloved poop scooper
"The pantry and larder are this way. I expect a reward."
r/animalsbeingbros
Damn! You are so lucky
Mine does this to me anywhere in the house that isn't the food bowl. He constantly checks back to make sure I'm following
Lets be real, he/she was leading you back to the food so you could get them dinner.
Ohh snackman u cant be lost , u need to give me my catnip .. follow me buddy i show u da way..
No human, this way, food bowl is over here. Okay now fill please.
Keep cats indoors!!
Aww indeed!
Sweet.
Light the way you peasant hooman!
How sweet....she loves you so much!
"I don't want you out here! You need to be inside hooman. Don't want you to find my catnip stash!"
Stoopid hooman, getting lost. I show you the way home. This way to the food. I show you.
It’s like following an NPC with a slow walking speed
I hope other people have said, cause I don't want to be a downer. I hope you always walk with your cat at night. Coyotes are losing more and more habitat and getting pretty desperate. Wouldn't want the coyotes to lose their lives to your cat too.
I'm under the impression the cat wanted to be fed.
its just a cat, it just wants to go home, its not leading nor does it even comprehend that you may be lost.
Well, humans are not very bright. They can't even hunt and would likely starve, die of exposure and drown in the shower or that weird ceramic litterbox for humans, if kitteh didn't bring them killed birds or checked on them regularly...
Friendly reminder to not let cats roam free! Though spaying/neutering them and adding a bell (which it seems OP has done in the video!) is also a great way to decrease overpopulation and devastation of local wildlife
Just waiting for the traditional Reeee-ing from redditors about outdoor cats.
What a smart kitty! My dog won’t do this and he’s... you know... a dog?
That's a good cat. Give her a few treats when you get home?
I love cats.
Give her treats and act like she did
My cat does the same thing to remind me where his bowl is!
When following an NPC in any game ever.
My cat does something similar when I get up, but she usually just tries to lead me to her food bowl.
"Fricken slave, getting lost in the hecken dang woods again! Sheesh.
Gets a hooman they said, it'll be fun they saids"
Stoopid hooman. Always losing it’s way home (sigh) Come, follow me..
My chihuahua is doing that when I get home and I say that I have to go to bathroom, he leads me towards it and looks at me like saying ”The bathroom is here”  😂
I love it!

We recently adopted a dog and every time we take him for a walk our cat will follow us along for the entirety of the walk. He hangs back about 40-50 feet and periodically meows, not sure if he’s worried about us or just letting us know he’s there lol. 

Every time we make the turn around to head home, he stays in front and meows constantly! I have a feeling he’s thinking he’s in charge and leading us home safely lol. The neighbors get a kick out of it and I spot people in their windows recording us with their phones haha
Were you in the forbidden forrest? Looks dark af.
Is that a GPS collar on the cat?! If it is, how's the performance and is it annoying to the cat. I'm looking to buy one for my cats since they tend to leave for hours to days sometime and it gets me nervous.
She's just taking you to the food bowl
He went after you because his bowl is half-empty.
/r/khajiithaswares


Khajiit lead you if you have coin. For more coin Khajiit show you real way.
Your cat was leading you back to the food bowl so you could feed it.
Do you think cats night vision gets messed up like our vision does when we go from bright to dark? Just curious
Nah... he probably just wants food!
In my experience, when a cat does they're leading you to their food bowl.
"Are you keeping up with me?! You better be keeping up with me bc I don't want to have to come back out and find you! I need you bc you have thumbs to feed me and I don't so **KEEP UP**"

~~Pretty cat, probably
Mine does that when she's hungry. She leads me to the kitchen.
It’s really not known how but cats can perfectly retrace their steps. To beet back no matter where they go.    If they had a little more endurance they would be great hiking animals
If you’re going to let your cat outside make sure to keep them on a leash. 

Your outdoor car should always somehow be contained to a specific location so they don’t start killing wildlife.
Obligatory reminder to abolish outdoor cats.
Cat's like: wtf dude it sucks out here lol come home and feed me BTW just took a huge shit
So bad ass
Follow me humanI got the xray eyes.
Ok. I love your cat.
Cmon stupid hooman let meow show you the way.
My cat runs from the house for weeks
I grew up with two awesome cats and a forest behind my house. My cat Winnie and I used to walk through those woods together. She'd just tag along never more than 10 or 20 feet from me, just hanging out as we'd hike. She was such a good pal.
Cats are extremely good navigators. They can walk up to 20 miles and find their way home just fine. Your lookin at the pro of coming back home. They’re around the 1/10 of our size so it would be 100s if miles for us.
All fun and games until you need to vault a 6ft fence...
That's what good soldiers do
My cats do this in the morning, they think I'll forget to feed them, so they lead me to their bowls.
My cats was lost ten meters away a from home, and he freaked out.
My cat: See! OP's Cat gets to go outside.
Damn humans can't do anything right
I love it when my cat leads me places, just like this, walking ahead for a few steps and glances back with loving eyes, to make sure I'm following her. She mostly leads me to her feed bowl though.
I like your cat
I wish i could grab her and give her a squeeze😺😺
Kiss her !
What a good friend
So cute! Calicos are so pretty I used to have one
Lead the way oh spirit of the forest uwu
That’s a good fuckin kitty
The best girl
Picked a human friendly path too.
Schnoodle Doodle Doo? Where are you
If you get a group of cats around a human walking somewhere, I've seen what appears to be a pattern where one or two will lead like this. Several more will flank on the sides, and at least one will follow behind.

They move like a pack of lions.   So yes, you can herd cats. They just need to want to go where the human is going.
Nice
I've come to believe our dog thinks the purpose of going for a hike or walk is to find the most efficient way back to the car or home. She's always cool with exploring, but as soon as we let her lead, she always takes us straight back to the parking lot, even if it means going off the beaten path. She's like, "Don't worry, stupid hoomans, I help".
She misses her bed, human hurry! It's alone and cold.
Cats are all toptier
She was leading you to where her food is so you can feed her
“Useless humans, always getting lost... come on...”
r/animalsbeingbros
We are all big dumb clumsy kittens
OP: *actually lost and playing it cool with his cat*
I just lost the game!!!
This is too cute to exist.
Well? Did you make it home?
Cute as shit
In a good way
What a caring and beautiful kitty
At least you'll know who to call if you get lost!
Pretty calicoooo
But, what if the cat is lost and she's depending on you to find the way home?!
I love how she checks with you
That is a very good kitty.
Surely she has reasons for concerns.
cat; the way home
So fricking cute 

See my cat would just lead me into the middle of a road so id get hit by a car 😂
Well if the cat thought u were lost most likely u were lost
Burrs
You cant feed yourself, you got lost now too? Man, you're just the worst cat ever is what she's thinking.
Good girl!!!
My cat does this as well.  
But she usually just leads me to her 3/4 full food bowl in the kitchen.
I had a lot of cats in the childhood, but one was always leading the other ones back home who stayed outside "cat curfew" :))
"Stupid human. Can't even smell its own litter box from a mile away."
Oh my ❤
I love this kitty!
I bet she was hungry😂😂
Now kindly repay the favor with treats pls
"This way... Idiot."
Cats are the best!
Please make sure that that's a breakaway collar so if your cat catches it on something, the latch will release so she won't be trapped!
Or trying to get away from the flashlight
This cat is an angel
That was quite beautiful to watch. We don't deserve animals.
Owner; I'm going to walk my cat today
Cat; I'm gunna walk my hooman!
One time at New Years Eve when the fireworks started I remember being quite surprised as one of my cats ran home while holding our other cat by the scruff like a kitten. Interestingly enough the other cat was bigger than her, after she got him in the house he hid under the couch and she demanded food.
That’s a floofy good kitty right there. Floof levels 7/10 pretty floofy
This is the absolute best and was a great start to my day lol sooo adorable. I love how kitty keeps turning around to make sure you’re still there.
“Stupid human, I have to do everything! Protect the house, wake you up at 2 am, remind you to feed me, take you home when you’re lost... no wonder the Egyptians worshiped us.”
That is so sweet and loving
That’s actually really cool
"food is dis way, hooman".
The little shit probably was hungry believe me I know cats
How "empty" was the food bowl?
Your cat is really pretty, and the video is cute!!
DEerer cat In FoReSt
Your never lost if your cat IS your home 😏
Calicos are the absolute best. (I may be biased)
Had a dog guide us up waterfall hike in Raiatea. Still amazed by it. Too bad he stayed up to cool off as we got a little lost on the way back down lol
I’m listening to the song of storms and it made this even cuter imo
"Come on. Food's this way....you fucking idiot."
I love how he stops and looks back to make sure you’re still following!
My cats think I forget where their food bowl is every day and are constantly leading me to it.
She’s leading to you to a cat shrine to honor.
You mean her food bowl was empty and she needed you to fill it, right?
My human is too far from the food dish.
I love her
What a beautiful miss! That's what I say to my calico lady.
The stop for snuggles at the end! What a little sweetie.
Because thats what heroes do 😉
This is so darn cute ❤️
Reading your cat’s thoughts huh?

Be careful it is only letting you read the thoughts it what’s you to read.
She keeps looking back at you like: "hooman stop filming cant you see im thooming??"
My cat likes to go on walks in the woods with me and follows along like a dog.
I think she thought more of her next snack.
My cat would get lost in the woods maybe 20 yards from the house. I'd have to go rescue her
cat; the way home
There's a golf course at the back of my house where we walk some evenings. Our cat often joins us & comes quite far! Don't think he would rescue us from anything.
Give her a good pat
She’s apparently inviting you to her home.
She knows her territory well haha
BS! Cats don't do that! 


...she just wanted you to give her cat food.
I fucking love cats
*baby voice but in cat* “come on stupid! I know! Yes I know it’s okay! Mama’s smart! Don’t you worry! Yes you be dumb I be smart just follow mama yeeeeeesssssss good human! Good follow!”
Gooooood kitty シ
Him- Thinks the cat trying to save him

Cat- "Screw your walk Human, I'm going home."
This cat is hungry and is showing his human the way back to get fed lol
Follow me if you want to live human.
More likely she's leading you back to the food cabinet as you're the only one possessing the magic skills to open those evil cans, but still cute.
A couple years ago, we took in this prego cat at my parents. It had kitties, left and we raised them. One time, my gf and I were out for a walk around the neighborhood hood, and had all 5 adolescent cats walking with us. Squad goals
Keeps looking back...

Going to fast for you? Just this way. -cat
Good kitty
Walk this way... This way!
She did a good job.
My cats used to follow us whenever we went out for a walk. The older one was particularly dogged in following us, with her actually getting as far as the other side of town without us realising (she'd start being sneaky about it the further she got, hiding when we turned round and stuff). When we found out, I had to walk her back home, with her demanding I stroke her every few steps.

I love that cat so much <3
And people say cats aren't loyal
My cat does this to me. She leads me all the way to her food bowl when it’s empty.
What a love bug she is!!! Thank you for sharing, videos like this are pure love!
It reminds me of an anime it was really wholesome
Or she's like "why are you following me, human, I'm trying to do cat things"
My dog does that in the pool
By letting your cat run around outside not in a catio you are contributing to extinctions and environmental degradation https://www.smithsonianmag.com/science-nature/moral-cost-of-cats-180960505/
that is so fucking adorable! I've never even used adorable before
That cat will walk with you for miles...  Just make sure you give her the pets every so often.
"Get out of the damn woods and feed me, human."
She loves you :)
Fine cat right there.
Bag of whiskas treats at the end? Beautiful cat, I'm tearing up.
"Come, hooman. Let me show you where my food bowl is."
The Purr Witch Project.
What is this cuties name?? She looks like my sweet Muffins
What a nice cat. She’s a good girl.
Calicos are super smart!
That cat is playing mind games for treats for sure. Absolute unit nonetheless.
I call BS she was leading you to her food dish
Yeah right. New title. "My cat knew i was lost and was kind enough to lead me home."
My shepherd does this with me from my kitchen to my front door 😅 not really sure if he's wanting to play outside or he's tired of my human bullshit.
Your cat thinks that you are dumb
It would have been awesome if she took you in by the neck.
Calicos are so precious.
The cat doesent care about you because of their affection to you, but because you are the only one that can access the food.
Come human I'll lead you to the food place
*leading you back to her food ;)
What a good girl. She makes sure you’re stay close☺️
Damn I wish my cat was like this, he will just meow for me to pet him and then bite me 3 seconds later.
Furreal friend
10/10 very good chonk.
Wholesome af omg
Home/to her food bowl that needs refilling
My cats shit on my clean sheets
step cat I'm lost
Wish i had a cat
Fellow cats I have the sacrifice for the ritual
Such a good familiar.
Just imagining my cats in this scenario... I'd be screwed. Intrepid explorers they are not.
Awe she’s a good cat
This way hooman
Food is over there hooman
The only reason my cats would lead me back home is because their food bowl is empty.  Still, I love the heck outta my cats.😍
She’s like “why you soooooo slow”
Calicos are wonderful cats too. Me and my wife adopted two cats and one is a calico.  She is like over the top cat.  Purrs constantly, tail straight up, loves cuddling, begs for food and the most flexible animal I've ever seen. Her legs go in all sorts of wild directions. What a personality on her.
My cat does this too lol!
The way this is filmed, it looks like a 90's episode of COPS.
Dog people are like Dogs slobbering, humping your leg, and completely taking over any situation devoid of tact, grace and subtlety not to mention manners. As far as your post regarding a CAT ( not a dog ) they're genius animals it just takes intelligence and keen observation to realize and appreciate just how smart they really are BONUS they don't stink either.
This way to the food bowl, human
Or je was just hungry and wanted you to go back home to feed him...
My cat thinks I'm stupid and forgetful, so she wakes me up every morning to feed her
I am so proud of you for rescuing OP little friend!
She’s looking back like “no seriously. Don’t even worry. It’s not even that far just follow me”
Love the colors. My cat of 12yrs. Has those three colors.
*me taking notes* "mhm mhm, would you also like me to post the story of this hero in CatDaily, they have a great translator of meow to text meow and the local cat community really need these kinds of uplifting stories."
This deserves to be posted on @animalsbeingbros !!!
So cute that shows how much your cat loves you
"I've got to do something."
Little do you know, you're just being led to where the treats are.
Cat probably wants food lol
"It's not safe to go alone. Follow me."
I found calicos to be very motherly cats.
I had to walk to school down a couple small hills in elementary school. I became known as “the cat girl”  because I’d be seen walking down the grass hill to the playground with a tuxedo cat named “Blackbeard,” either right in front of me or behind me. She would always make sure I made it to the playground, then sit on the grass and watch me.
I wish I had a cat with low energies, my puppy in this environment would be too excited sniffing, digging, licking. I'm already tired imagining trying to get her home.
See you all on daily dose!
She’s perfect.
Just call this kitty "Sassy"
That’s how my cat leads me to her food bowl.
Most helpful cat ever
This would support the idea that cats think we are just big dumb cats that need taking care of.
Silly kitty
you better reward her for leading you to safety :)
Come on hooman, this is no place to die
give them all the treats
I love the constant checking to make sure you didn’t somehow get lost every 5 steps lmao
Wish my cat cared this much, instead if his bowl of food is half empty he dumps it and just looks at me
What a legend
What a legend
That's an awesome feature, how did you install that? All I got with mine was the defaults like watching me in utmost disdain and crying about an half empty foodbowl at 3am.
There's a cat in my neighborhood who does this.  At first I thought the cat was leading me somewhere, but then I figured it out.  The cat was leading me to the cats house and it wanted me to open the door 

We are all just useful tools in their eyes
I love when my cat is leading me somewhere and every few steps he turns around to see if I’m following him
it didn't think you were lost, sorry
She's looking back at you to make sure you're still there

'this way bitch, i got you'
There are two types of cats

“I have killed a mouse for you since you were incapable of hunting for yourself human, feed my child.”


“You havent feed me in the past 3 minutes.”
Then she meowed at her bowl for food when there was food already in it...
It’s not part of your family, you’re part of its family
Soooo... Did they get home?
*sigh* come on then, keep up.
Goddamn, 100k upvotes in 6 hours? That’s crazy!
Mine does this to when I take the dga for a walk at the park in which I can see my house. She thinks I'm very stupid
Please edit a bit, nice.but darn...
Everyone liked that
My cats are snarky and do this to show me where their food is
My mom’s dog will navigate my mom and brother home when she takes them on random streets during their walks. Once, she ran away from my mom at the park to chase a squirrel and my mom couldn’t find her so my mom walks back home and her dog is already waiting for her on the front porch.
Dinner time human. The food is this way.
Wrong. Your cat was hungry so it was leading the food dispenser back to the cat food supply.
My cat does this every day! To the pantry where the catsnacks are stored...
 Are you the same crazy dude who bikes in pitch black woods?
Cats shouldn’t be outdoor pets.
"don't get me wrong human, I care about you and stuff but for real I am only leading you home so you can feed me And that is it. also belly scratches are better at your home than in these woods*
Growing up my cat would walk me to school everyday (about a 20min walk) she'd sit on my classroom window outside and walk home with me everyday. She even tried taking the bus a few times (I'd take the bus in the winter)
What a good girl!
Be still my heart. My cat would run home drink my whiskey and judge me from across a room.
Good kitty!
“Cmon, idiot.”
That's too cute!!!
“Come on you stupid animal.”
What a good girl <3
Awe, what sweet kitty🥰🥰
he do be good kitty
"Come on human, follow the swishy tail. That's it you can do it."
Looks like your just following a cat in your yard, dunno if the title fits, but I upvoted because you moved your flash & didn't shine the cat in the eyes
*proud bucciaratti face*
An stranger dog taught me how to ride bicycle.
DO NOT WORRY HOOMAN I KNOW THE WAY HOME! This is adorable
"Come hooman, come. This is why i dont let you out. Every time you escape it takes forever to get you back home. No no, this way..."
Lol now your cat thinks you're inferior AND stupid.
She was just telling you she hadn't been fed yet.
Cats are God's!
this is a real fact.
The cat tax demands this clip in full length and with sounds of cat leading the entire way
As I was watching this video, I asked my cat if she would save me if we ever got lost, and she just looked at me for a few seconds and turned away...
Not leading you home, rather leading you to food. Your cat 100% just wants you to feed it.
You got to keep your food in your house somehow
Cat is probably thinking... I can see this shit easier if you turn off the light... Not realizing you can't see shit without it. Lol
Cat: EVERY TIME. EVERY SINGLE F*CKING TIME. *sigh* follow me
Nah she was like hooman The house is over here let's get in the house
My cat likes to lead me to his food dish :)
Keep your cat inside. You're in Australia, where the are destroying the bird population. I found two cats in my fenced yard and took them both to shelters in the next city lol.
Kitchen is this way
Meanwhile, my cat does this to lead me to his food bowl everyday when I wake up.
When I was like 8 my indoor cat ran through the door in the garage and out of the garage as I was closing the garage door for my mom (the garage was broken so we had to close it from the inside) I ran into the snow looking for her for an hour and couldn’t find her or her paw prints. I went inside and just cried in the shower because she’s my best friend. She was gone for a few days and one night my oldest brother went looking for her. After hours and hours he decided to give up but wanted to check one last place. He lifted to my dads truck hood and there she was! She would have died if my brother didn’t decide to look there before giving up. Needless to say I was very confused when I woke up that morning with my cat sitting in my room. She now refuses to go outside unless we leave the front door open and she’ll only stay on the porch.
That's cute!

When I was a child I had a cat that would go on long hikes in the woods with me. She would lead the way! Those were great moments in time.
Well that's where the food is at!
Or he wanted in because he was hungry.
Aww they really *do* give a fuck.
I love calicos (and tuxedos) so much!
Sometimes, when my content doesn't provide a story, I just make one up.
Cat know their sorroundings, you know the saying, "cats do be woke"
Fun fact...cats have really stinky feet and leave a trail wherever they walk. Helps them find their way back if they wander too far. Just sayin'.
Your gato guide
Cool, but please don't leave your cat outside.
But you were lost to the fluffiness of the cat
Disney is furiously writing notes for a new movie
"Silly you. always getting in trouble. cmon, i know where to go."
ULLA BRITTA SMITTA FITTA
a very good kitty
Hero cat
I'm sure its easier for everyone to focus without the torch ... 

I had some times with my cat when I was young. Led me down small game paths to bigger ones . Wasnt ever a question about getting home.

I still use the skills he taught me. I'm a killer in the bush
Wow seriously? That’s awesome
I saw this on tumblr! Also, OP, I would die for your cat
Cat: Don't worry, follow me and I'll get you home 😉!
Aibo, you're too drunk. Let me show you da wey.
Excuse me why is this so cute 💕
we need a sub like r/catsarentalwaysassholes
Ive never seen so many upvoted and ive been here for 5 years
i bet you were actually lost smh
And they say  cats don’t love their owners and that they’re not capable of it
You would be so mad at her id she ende&up gettimg you both lost
Am hungry. Where human?
Cats think we are so dumb. xD
De cet guide
"The cat treats are THIS way."
Aw lol
Or they're like get the heck out of my woods
How far is your home? I've been watching it close to 2hrs now..
So cute! Wish my cat would let me put a harness on her!
It's like Courage the dog.
love it
❤️
I don’t like this.
Please give that cat a hug
If I had the money I would give this argentium
i love this. a purrfect video!!!! so cool.
So cute
this is the best! i love it! awsome!
I like how she checks back on you every 5 seconds to see if ur still there. Man what a good cat
Well cats are just so much better than humans
Or maybe she saw a black figure behind you so she wanted you to rush home
"Come on bish, I go this way all the time!"
Na she just lead you to her food
What the hell the cat helps you
wild animals are incredible
If you have an indoor cat please do not let them out unless secured with a very good harness and leash. Every day on Next Door there is a cat missing post. I live in an area with lots of coyotes and some mountain lions and bobcats. These cats are easy prey for these top predators. Don't risk your kitty's life, not worth it.
You better have acted lost. I swear to god if you didn’t I will crush your soul and shatter your spine
No, you thought you weren't lost and it saved you. Go pet it and feed it, you ungrateful person.
😭 WE DON’T DESERVE CATS 😭
How fucked up you have to be, for your cat to come out and have to find you, then guide you home?
My parents cat will do this when I walk the dogs...but he always yells at me on the way home until I pick him up and carry him the rest of the way.
Get more information about all only one theallsupport.com
r/catswithjobs
Well the cat actually lead you back home. Don’t give us any excuse.
Plot twist: she lead you to upside down
Mine does that right here in the house....4 times a day. She thinks I forgot where her food dish is.
She just wants to get rid of you so she can get back to the cat rager going on deep in the forest...wouldnt want any humans stumbling across that.
What a good lady!
Aw Blair witch has a cat
Beautiful ❤️
That's good
This way hooman, I know the way. Come along, come along!
YES THIS CAT IS NEEDED AS A MAYOR
Yea? Did you ask her?
I wonder if the flashlight annoys her. She doesn't need it and it probably impedes her night vision.
plot twist. your cat was actually following you
P R O T E C C
"Light the way for me servant!"
You are a good kitten.
"c'mon dummy, can't have you getting lost out here again"
Cat is like "bitch, come see how empty my food bowl is"
Precious baby
So cute...so smart
She looks buffed. Been working out
Just looks like a walk to me
