Becoming the rare Platinum Retriever
How old is he/she?
He looks so old and wise, he is  about to give us a quest.
Awww his white old face 😭 I love him.
"Come here young pups, I am going to tell you stories from when I was younger, the grass was greener and the treats were *treatier*"
How wonderful that you were so loving to your furry best friend that they are having such a long and wonderful life with you (their whole world)!
I saw a fortune teller who said in 14 years, I’ll suffer terrible heartbreak.  To help cheer myself up, I bought a puppy.
Omg that’s like over 100 in dog years
Grandoggo. Hope he is as healthy as can be.
Man's best friend, with those [wise](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=__kgrLf718I) eyes.
My WiFi kept lagging and wouldn’t let me upvote, I sat here for 3 minutes because I needed to upvote this photo
Good job!
Oh man, what level is your Cubone? He looks like a good boi.
I miss my beautiful golden boy. He passed away on Halloween last year. We grew up together and I’ll miss him forever.
That dog is out to find out who's a good boy/girl and won't stop till it does
What do they feed him, I wonder...
In case [anyone else wanted the ACTUAL Story](https://www.insider.com/20-years-old-august-worlds-oldest-golden-retriever-2020-6), August turned 20 in April.
Lol, its face turned completely white with age
My doggo was 22 when we put him down, chiauwawa and part yorkie. 154 in human years
A boop to you ☺️
Oldest Golden Retriever Reveals One Weird Trick. Dogtors HATE Him.
I remember reading about this sweet girl. I wish we could collectively give her extra life like in Dragon Ball Z with Goku.

You’re such a good pup 😭🥰
Where I come from we call that an olden retriever
This is August "auggie" the oldest living/ oldest known golden at 20 years.
Thinking about saying goodbye to my boy is what kills me about having a dog. First dog I’ve ever owned myself. He’s only 2 but I know the day is coming, but I’m gonna give this guy the best life I can until then. Dogs are the best.
Awe. That’s wholesome as heck. Hey you old precious boy. Keep going. You got this.
I want to gently pet this golden
What’s the average life expectancy of a goldie? God bless that platinum doggo!
Looks tired though.
I wish people would breed dogs for longevity and not for traits like pug face or the like.
So - some one mentions "oldest" "twice the age of" and says nothing of what the actual age is ?
I wish all dogs could live as long as a human. It sucks losing a best friend.
An oldie but a Goldie!
Happy birthday
Olden retriever.
Which is..?
R/oldmandog
This dog has that thousand yard stare of "why am I still alive" that so many really old people get. Just seems like after a certain point it's nothing but chronic pain and an inability to function normally, why hasn't science made robot replacement parts yet? These poor old dogs need robot parts dang it, come on already!
How old is he/she?!
*everyone liked that*
This goodest old pup has had all the color pet off its face!
What a Golden Oldie!
He’s a handsome boy!
This is so, so sweet! I hope our 12-year-old boy lives to be platinum!
Maximum level good boy!
How old?
Give it a head pat from me
Bless him. He looks so sweet and gentle.
I need to know what type of dog food they use????!!!!!!???
Golden Retriver requiem ability more life
Now that's a wise boye
Healthy boi/girl
Bless u
My heart
We won mr stark
What a good girl 💖
The color wore off from all the headpats
And still a good boy
Is they hurting all in the name of breaking records?
this dog is wise beyond its years!
The Mr. Meseeks of golden retrievers.
God bless this old dog
Gandalf The White
We have to put down our Golden tomorrow. She will be 18 :(
It's the Ghostface Killah.
/r/OldManDog demands tribute
How old?
Bless his heart ❤ I see his/her little toy in the background ;)
Tell me what you feed him please!
[deleted]
How old?
What is his diet like??
I LOVE IT/HIM/HER/E.T
15/10 perfect doggo
Oh such sweetie pie!! 😍😍
Doggo <3
That’s an oldie but a goodie 🤗
Awwww I wanna pet him. : )
I have a 17 year old dachshund.  She's my everythjng. I promised her I'd do everything I could to get her to 20. January 1, 2023 here we come.
How old?!
You’ve taken great care of this dog and that’s what’s truly amazing
I have a 5 year old and this makes me sad and hopeful at the same time
If thats today we share a birthday
I have a Golden. He turned 15 this year in December! He’s having a harder time but he’s so happy.
They are so old that they are gracefully transforming into a yellow lab :)
He looks none to happy about it.
My heart just melted
Queen Elizabeth of retrievers
Can I ask with what type of food do you feed this lovely doggo ?
If his name isn't Boomer, I don't even know then.
Okay, this dog might be immortal.
Good boy
Senior dogs are the best!!❤️❤️
Mine died when she was 17 and waited til I left for college. My parents got her when I was 1 year old 😭😭😭
I have a special place in my heart for senior dogs.
Why hasn't anyone tried breeding dogs to live longer instead of look a certain way?
More like olden retriever
That right there is a wise, good boi.
Good. Ol boy
Olden retriever?
And twice as handsome as expectancy
I wanna give’em a super gentle kiss so bad
That there is an Olden Retriever.
Qualify for Guinness?
Amazing. This would be like an American male human being alive at 158 years old.
Immortal golden retriever 👍👍
I have a Golden retriever at home. His name is Mojo and he’s 14 years old.
Awesome! ❤️❤️😊
My girl turned 14 today, so this post gives me so much joy. ♥️
It's so great when you get extra time with them... I was told about 6 years ago that one of my cats had only a few months to live (kidney failure), but my buddy is still going strong.
My bday is a day after the cute puppers
Don't go anywhere, STAY. Gooood dog :)
And is just such a good boy.
He's so precious. I hope he isn't hurting at all. Wish him all the best, he's beautiful!
The bestest of boys
Beautiful baby
Cute Dog!
Always we know old is gold.
How old is it?!?! Isn't that the whole fuckin point??
Okay, what do you feed him?
He may be getting white fur but he's still a good golden boy in our hearts
Stay golden puppy boy
He’s turning into retreivus the white, his power can only increase from here.
There is nothing finer - or sadder - than living out your life with a wonderful dog or a cat together.

It is wonderful they live out their last days with one who loves and dotes on them, and a wonderful feeling to do so for them!

Your love grows stronger with you as each ending day draws closer.  It doesn't end with their mortal demise; that love is eternal.  Just be open to it!
What a beautiful sweet love. Whats his name? How old is he?
Would you give him a hug and some loves from me. I love your pup.  Hes gorgeous.
That dog should be around 140 years of human age
Damn very impressive
It doesn't look like its going.
I met a golden retriever in the Pacific Heights district of SF about 2-3 years ago who was 23. no joints left, walking totally stiff but moving, and happy tail greeting every person they passed. Incredible animal, incredible breed.
Damn. I thought all dogs averaged 15-20 so I was like, is she 40?? TIL
I've got a friend who has two Goldens, they're both probably... 13 or 14 by now, lovely girls
Look at how white it’s face is
If shes in pain don't force her to keep living
Can anyone in the comments actually give me the TLDR. HOW OLD IS IT.  AND WHAT IS THE LIFE EXPECTANCY. And importantly where did you get the life EXPECTANCY from? From some veterinary website? It from some forum? Statistics like this. I dont believe them until I see the facts. The numbers. The bibliographic reference.
Their life* 
Dogs are not an object!
Twice the age of HIS life expectancy. This pooch isn't an it
I want to hug him
That macy???
Wonderful
He looking like a cubone
What age is he?
Oh my , what a cute boi
She’s so beautiful
His eyes say he is appreciative of a good life.
H E I S A B I G C U T I E
A great golden retriever ❤️
Every time somebody says something to that dog he goes, “.....(blink) huh?....”
Doggo had the color wiped off his face
I wonder why it’s just the face that becomes white
Still cute😃
Still going?  That dog is a ghost
🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏
An oldie but a goldie!
I miss my childhood golden... such a good boy. RIP Bentley 😭
Sweet old girl.
Weird to see a dog older than you
My heart needs a SchnoodleDoodle about this 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
Wtf, so how old is he/she?
Ah what a great site, too often we lose them too soon.
Now THAT is a sugar face I could snuggle and kiss! My golden retriever is 8, and just the thought of her getting older makes me sad!
Loyal gate keepers of good boys
That’s a sign of a well-loved dog.
How old is he?!
Looks like a really well designed cartoon character
How old ?
It’s crazy that this dog remembers more years than many people in these comments!
What do you feed her?
I love his gray face.
My friends golden just died at 9
Too bad we breed them terribly
Hey this is August!!!
What a sweetie
What a handsome old fellow!  He's like the ever ready battery " just keeps going & going"
Looks like a dog deepfake
Biggest question is, is he healthy still?
Do her eyes have an Einstein look or is it just me?
That old man is doin' his darndest to be a good boy, what a  boss.
Elder boi.
Seems so sweet
Ol' Ghostface Yella
Dog power
Looks kinda like general grevious
Great now you jinxed it
How old!?
What a beautiful pup! Looks so beautiful and majestic. All hail the wise one.
Wooo! I want to see the platinum retriever
Never tell Buddy the odds
OOOOOOOOO SO GOOD BOY VERY SOFT CUTE BOYYYYY
But how *well* is she doing? It's great that she is still around but the hardest decision for a pet owner is knowing when it's time to let go.
Age?
He looks super sweet!

My WeinerTriever is just over 17 now.

https://imgur.com/a/Nxh6pxG/
*oops spoke too soon
He's in his golden years
Still fluffy
He's an angel. A beautiful boy. I love you.
Augie you beautiful doggie!  Happiest of birthdays to the goodest of boys!!
If it was a pirate they’d be white beard
In the Star Trek canon, this is a Gold Pressed Latinum Retriever.
That dog has the Mickey Mantle gene
And no one is smart enough to ask what this dog eats.
My wife wants me to ask everyone what the secret to longevity in goldens' is?

Mind you shes doing a lot already in my books. Feeding her raw duck and rabbit often, along with nutritional pouriges she makes - these foods all researched and weighed accordingly as per the books she reads on this. Oh, and we take her to the vet if we notice anything at all that needs potential fixing.... $$...

We're childless mid-30's peoples, and man we love this dongiddy (8month old pup - first dog ever).
Simply beautiful
My Chihuahua is 18 currently. Believe he turned 18 in July-ish
Awww a senior adoption! ❤️❤️ senior dogs deserve to be adopted as well!
whoa , was his face always white or did that come with age? I feel like this dog is very wise and ready to dispense some sage advice.
Great story. No age, just some caption that makes you wonder.
And you’re not gonna cite his or her age?
She is a very good girl
How old is he?
The perfect dog
He looks like Benjamin Franklin
Stay golden pony boy
I love Oldie Goldies!
Hope you didn't just jynx it
Good boy
White retriever
That face is all sugar.
How old
Holy shit this dog is older than me
O L D B O I
he reminds me of uncle iroh, wise and sweet
I feel like it has a quest for me
I’m IN LOVE again folks
george rr martins rarest of puppers the white retriever
Many kisses and hugs to this beautiful boy/girl!
Happy birthday buddy!
Any tips??
How old is he?
How old is he?
What’s with it vanilla face
It’s because you need him and he needs you too... I miss my mutt but he was 14 and I hope he lived the best life.
The platinum retriever. Is there any reward for beating life expectancy?
Old wise white Face
looks like general grievous
How to spot a dragon in polymorph
Dog looks like it is waiting to tuck into a happy meal.
He looks like Wilford Brimley.
My neighbors golden retriever is going on 16 I believe, his back and head color has been pet off of him
Couldn't just mention the age in the caption  asshole
My Aussie turned 12 today. I have cried since she was 8 at least once a month just thinking about my life without her. She has cancer and I know it's just a matter of time. Breaks my heart. I wish they'd live longer.
Rillllllllllllllllll meeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
Wait how old is that Doggo
Finally some good fucking news
https://youtu.be/Q7-PfzpQcJs
PLEASE PLEASE give this love some kisses for me.
Mime dog makes no noises
Does anyone know what kind of food it eats?
Lookin’ like a sad mime.
So he’s ten
Epic! May it live a good life and be at peace when it does pass.
Looking like the jaws titan
Awww what a love ❤️❤️
Puppywise
it’s like a dog inside of a dog...or maybe I’m just really stoned 🤷🏻‍♂️
,
Lord help me be the person that my dog thinks I am.
_Pet pet_
Ghostface Killa
Olden Retriever.
Evolving into a Great Pyrenees. This is not his final form. He will transcend to become ~~God~~ Dog
Well how old exactly is this cutie!?
Best breed and best friends. I miss my girl terribly.
How many standard deviations though?
Good old white faced boy. I’m rooting for him
Very platinum in the face. But still strong. You go Doggo!
I had a golden live to 17. The most loyal of all doggos. My current dog couldn't hold a candle to my Ginger girl.
I'm not dying til I find that stick.
That’s adorable !!! My mix golden was almost 18 when she died 😢
He’s seen some shit
So tell me grandpa... What was it like going through multiple owners, killing them, and disguising as an old dog?
Happy birthday sweetie pie. Many more.
Please pet him right now.
Still a good boy
WHAT A GOOD DOGGO 😍😍 still looks as beautiful as ever 🥰
Augie is a year younger than me! Cheers!
Ye olden retriever
Greying Retriever
Geezuz Christ
My golden is 15 and still going, hope she gets to be 20
The fact that augie has been alive almost as long as me is amazing
What a good boi/gal!
Love him!
Awwww! Super big smooches for that friend! 😘🐶
awwww lil oldie cutie pie
Ghost Face Kisser
I cant believe how healthy his eyes look. Usually any dog over 9 or so and the eyes whiten a lot. Congrats i hope my guy lives as long 🤠
What have the Skeksis done to that poor dog?
I wonder how many poker games was he part of ..
Hello friend I want to see you in person.
Wishing  this beauty the best, sending healthy vibes ~~~~~~*
Already turning into a ghost lol
How old?
What did his/her diet consist of? Was there a brand that you used all through the pups life?
He looks wise!
I find it fascinating that dogs hair can turn gray too
God bless this sweetie
I honestly hope he isn’t just entirely drugged up to stay alive.
Cubone!
... never a frown, is golden brown 🎶

https://youtu.be/AtTsky80XmQ
Wow!  20!  I’m hoping my dog will make to 17.  Congrats!  Happy birthday!
Bless him he’s a fighter!  Awesome✨🥰✨🤑longer life pooch! 💋🐕💋
🎂🎉🎁🎈
This dog is a legend
Hopefully he had a really happy life because a dog like him must have a good owner(s) and OP I hope you have a good day
What do you feel your dog.  Asking for my dog.
So how old is he??????
So lucky. I lost my two at 11 and 12 and I miss them every day. It hurts so much
Wow all the white fur he has on his cute face!!!! Ahhhhh give him love for me plzzzzzzz
Good girl
I didn't realize that there were still golden retrievers older than me...it's a happy thing
Very clearly a well loved and looked after doggy. Hope he has many more birthdays to come.
“I’ve seen some shit, young puppers.”
How sweet great. That’s an awesome thing to see right now. ❤️
Damn he older than me yo
What a beautiful soul !  How old is he?
That's impressive imagine living to be 160 or something like that
He looks like he's about to invent a time machine out of a delorean
The Goodest boi
This is what Gandolf would look like as a dog.
Get this man some puppies so he can teach them all the knowledge he has learned over the years, could you imagine a puppy with 150 years of wisdom taught to him...
Wow, that dog looks so satisfied.
The goodest doggo
Just if you were wondering the average age of a Goldie is 11. So this pup must be about 22.  Source: that's what Google home told me
How old is it
She’s 145 years old in human years. Wow
Stay strong, pup pup!
"I'm getting too old for this shit."
Wow!! Is this the Queen of England’s dog?
Long Live The Golden Retriever!
I just hope this doggo's quality of life is there. Old is one thing, old and good QoL is better.
If u had one wish it would be This for one of my dogs
My face may be white, but I've still have tons of love to give
Could his dog outlive queen Elizabeth
My dog is going to be 100 and we’re going to die in the exact same moment so neither one of us is sad the other is gone
Love love love this. My Golden was the best dog to grace our home, from an 8 week old puppy. Sadly, we lost her suddenly about a month ago, at only 9-years-old, due to a heart tumor. You go Augie!! I want to hear about your 30th!
Good for her, stay strong
Ghosty boyyyyyy
Please give Augie a kiss for me.
The sound of joy that came out of me is one I don’t think I’ve heard come out of me before... what a gorgeous and sagely old beauty!
your dog is 20+!?
if he gets to have a last meal THEN MAKE IT HIS BEST MEAL
It's absolutely adorable.

Aging wonderfully.
Niceu very niceu doggo chan
soooooo cuuuuuuuuuuute
Hugs.
The best boy.
it looks like General Grievous to me
I too have a golden. 
Love this!
Might have been asked already but didn't see it, why do Golden retrievers faces get white like that as the age?
Awww T u T
This dog looks like wisdom in dog form.
So I read the article and it says they adopted her from a rescue at 14 years old, which is still pretty old for a large dog, but the article doesn’t really show any proof of her actual age. Not saying a 20 year old golden is impossible, just saying when rescuing or adopting an older dog the age is usually gestimated. So it’s definitely possible she is younger than 20 years old, but it could definitely also be possible she is 20 years old (or maybe older who knows!) I just wished they would’ve given proof of her age like medical records or something.
Dignified. Wise. Adorable.
He looks so wise!
Are you sick? why the pale face?
Retriver is a good dog
Oh sweet pickle...Come give me a hug.
Prayers!
💕
The wisest canine.
Take a moment to think about it. Supposing that the human life expectancy is like 75 years. This dog is living the equivalent of someone living til 150 years and more
that dog is probably the luckiest creature on earth. dogs perceive time differently than us. imagine what feels like 3 lifetimes of ours of nothing but love, play, and treats....
Doggo is older than me, damn boi
Great, now it's gonna die tomorrow.
How old is this distinguished gentleman?
wow, can you post more picture, start from puppy.
Augie! ❤️

miss my retriever, she died last year as a senior citizen.
Beautiful!
Thats amazing. I lost my golden last year at 13 and I still miss him so much. I'm glad this beautiful little girl is doing so well.
Oh my god. I’m melting
I want to pet that dog
If my golden could
Make 20, I’d be so happy.
I hope it lives to 100 years old
wow imagine if he wasn't neutered 20 years ago. Then we could have bred him like crazy. Someone should splice his dna into a sperm cell and knock up 1000 bitches and see what happens.
That's an old boy.
Captain Tom and Queen Elizabeth II have competition
Break the record of 29 years old for a dog.
I wish dogs lived longer
Twice the age? You are a good owner
truly deserving of r/rarepuppers notoriety
WHAT A SWEETHEART!!!!! 💖💖💖
Hims is so pretty
. Hes got that 1000 yard stare.
Color wore off with all the pets
This is very cute
I wish augie many more pets and many more treats
How old?
Worlds luckiest owners.
From my state!
argh i hate that golden retriever die so early, i have one and i’m not ready for that
god dog
God that’s amazing
Beautiful Golden Retriever 🐾🎈
Very stylish bandanna 🐾♥️
He looks like the inside of an angel food cake
All you need is love, love. Love is all you need.
Imagine the diet this dog gets tho, no doubt a person would eat it
Same age as a male lion lives till
If anyone plays pokemon, I think it's head looks kinda like a cubone skull
Golden Albertriever
My Goldie live to be 17 yrs and 3 days. ♥️ He looked just like this sweet girl.
Goodboy!
I've never seen a more wizardly dog =')  I'm in love
IT’S GanGog !!!!!
How old is he that cause he is soooo cute💝
It looks like it’s fed up with everyone’s shit
Hope it goes for more longer and happily...
Doggo named August in August.
"its"
Wow! This is wonderful. <3
My boxer turns 16 next month and still chases chipmunks and rabbits. Old girl still has it. No chance of catching anything but she has no quit in her whatsoever.
Wow keep pushing mate and u will be as old as my grandpa
Just put down my 12 year old Golden last week. This dog looks way better than mine in its last 6 months of life.
His golden face disappeared from all the pets
He looks like a morawak (cant spell) from pokemon. So cute 50000000000000/10
I hope my boy also lives for this long, he’s 8 years old but is more energetic than a puppet!
I read somewhere that oldest dog to live was 21?
Love him ❤🌹🐾
How come it doesn’t have grey hair?
Is he balding? :D
Golden retriever are amazing. I just love my dog  so much
His face beat his soul to ghost form.
Why can’t I upvote this twice!!????  So damn adorable.
Hey OP, how old?
Beautiful
Good doggo has evolved! He became olden retriever!
My golden sadly passed at 16
r/oldest
That’s awesome ❤️
"I'm ready to go to the farm upstate. Somebody just feed me chocolate already."
Imagine if dogs could live longer than this which would probably happen if we’d stop inbreeding them 
Inbreeding is animal cruelty and a pure breed dog is just a dog that endures suffering to live up to “human standards”
Babe it’s time for your cbt
It's a spooky doggo!
Poor bastard is probably in constant agony just so it's owner can try break some record.  This breed has lots of problems when they get older.  This guy should have probably been put down a long time ago.
This is horrifying.
Ghostemane
Is that your doggo?
Expect more, people!
He looks so sad
Damn thats so old got dogs she must be living in pain with all her Chronic illneses and everythung else. I cant imagine Letting my old girl live in pain
Excuse me but dogs are not an *it*. If you were a dog person I wouldn't need to tell this, but you're obviously just an upvote hoore.

Edit: just joking around guys, chill lol
It's so old! Look at how white its face is, poor pup.
You can already see the transformation into a ghost
Generally speaking, if something's age is an extreme outlier, that means someone's lying. Like some dude in India claiming to be 150 years old.
*dead tomorrow*
my advice to the owners is to keep him healthy and warm all the time! dont let a blessing like this doggo go to waste!
[removed]
