Who stops bouncing first
Vet and paediatrics: where you can be unapologetically stupid because your patients love it.
I love that we humans are equally as amused by parrots as they are by us!
wish I could vibe that fuckin hard
Fun fact: that’s his mating dance, and now they’re all betrothed to him.  #birdlaw
[removed]
He got the attention of 4 human women with those moves, imagine how many cockatoo ladies he must have!
This is how vets treat your animals when you're not around.



Really, really well.
if there is a mistake in this video, is that it ends.
It’s so cute, I wish it would never end 🥺
Jump around! Jump around!
I went to this place like a year ago called "The Parrot Place" or something like that (Googling just pulls up somewhere in New Zealand - it was most certainly in Massachusetts, I'm sure I didn't drive to New Zealand.) But it was just rooms of birds (mostly parrots) that were out of their cages and just hanging out and shit. And one of them was a umbrella cockatoo named George and he was dancing so of course I started dancing with him, too, then he goes, "I love you!" and kept repeating it over and over so me and my friends are behaving exactly as the vet techs are in this video but also just repeating "I love you!" back and forth with this bird and when we finally had to go he started legit SCREAMING and I'm like, I can't leave, I live here now.
hippity hoppity
I took my new kittens into the vet for their first appointment. Due to COVID, they take animals back without their humans and then come out to talk. It was running a little long and I got worried because they both had colds and were run down. Turns out the vet techs were posing them for cute pictures in a pair of rain boots and had spent extra time cleaning the boogers off of their faces. My kittens now ADORE going to the vet.
I wonder how long it too that Cockatoo to train those people?
Why do they do that?
[deleted]
the vibes at this vet are immaculate
This reminds me of that scene in What About Bob where Dr. Marvin has Bob institutionalized and Dr. Marvin returns to the hospital to find Bob holding court and making all the doctors laugh.
When you notice your moving your phone up and down like your dancing with them..
What the Vet Staff do with your pets when you're not looking. Be careful. :>
And Hatoful Boyfriend was born.
Some people go to work and love every second of their job. Then there are the rest of us.
Any cockatoo that gets down to the Eurythmics is legendary in my book
Ultimate hype man.
Bitches love the plume.
I wish I had a cockatoo they do such weird and funny things. And I love their giant
Feathers on their heads.
Random question - what kind of things to birds go to the vet for? I always here them at my vet when I take my dog in and wonder.
Bird: "I think my hypnotizing technique is working!"
There is something so wholesome about four adults unashamedly indulging a cheery lil groovin cockatoo with a lil dance party..... (*´︶`*)
My 3 month old kitten has been in and out of vets twice a week for most of his life for congenital eye issues. All the treatment and movement has made him tend a little skittish, but he has the worst FOMO of any creature I’ve ever met and he loves/feels most comfortable on your shoulder.

He had to have a procedure involving sedation and would be boarded for a few hours before his slot. One of the vet techs did his first check, and of course he wanted to go straight for the shoulder.

When I picked him up hours later, I found out that he never actually ended up in boarding before his procedure. Instead, every unoccupied staff member in the building came for their turn to hold him and take a stroll around the room with him on them like a scarf. He was in the best mood when I brought him home.

Vets love your animals as much as you do!
I always love cockatoos because they're just fun to interact with. If you Bob your head up and down, they'll gonna do it. Do it sideways, and they'll also gonna do it. It's just fun
With the sound off, it looks like the bird's rapping and his possy's just vibing
Damn this bird has good looking hair
Lmao this is some of the goofiest shit I've ever seen.its very wholesome. But so goofy
Not shown: the other twenty hours of ear piercing screeching, throwing anything within reach on the ground for attention, and chewing up whatever they can get their beak on.
This is an accurate representation of veterinarians office downtime. Whether it's birds ur cats or bunnies; all shall dance.
Veterinary worker here. Yeah, we are kind of goofy like that. Especially after the current 10-11 hour shifts. I thought things would slow down after the pandemic started. Boy, was I wrong!
Nice video, to bad it’s fake. It’s just the government trying to make you think that birds aren’t drones.
Looks like the staff got into the ketamine again
Pro tip: don't simultaneously bounce up and down on your toilet to this
He tryna enable a cheat code
this dude knows how to boogie
My family had a pair of cockatoos when I was growing up. They would both dance like this if you would dance like these ladies are doing. We could also just hold up a finger and bob our hands up and down to get them to dance like this. It was soooo cute. Cockatoos are the best, they're super sweet and even cuddly. But God damn are they loud af lol.
Some birbs want to amuse you, some birbs want to be amused...
As a vet, this seems to be standard behavior.
Imagine 75 million years ago you're staring down a flock of velociraptors and you crouch down and notice they do as well...you bounce back up and they do as well. So now you just bob your way out to safety.

Jurassic park has some serious plot holes.
Socializing yes, but not social distancing. Where the hell is this birds mask.....
Cockatoo dancing to the beat, white people completely off beat lol
Someone should edit this to add a rap song so it seem the bird is spiting some fire
Those people think they are dancing with him but my man is actually doing squats and getting strong.  He's about to break out of there.
They say he is still bouncing. He says that he will never die.
Great. Now he expects to fuck all of you.
Okay but when I ask them to bounce up and down I get escorted out.
Happy boi
The bird has the moves...
SWEET DREAMS ARE MADE OF THIS
Ah yeah, he's feeling the good vibes!
What can I say? He’s a ladies man.
oh my goodness this is the purest thing i’ve ever seen. look at them all bounce. 😭🥰
This is so amazing.
Haha vets are weird
Seems like his mating dance is working because he's pulling ALLLLLL the ladies
He is having just the best day ever and I love it.
Someone make a gif of him going up and down please.
Get it get it get it
Love cockatoos. They have such expressive personalities.
I wonder if some dinosaurs were playful like this.
OHMYGOODNESS AHASHDIAHGFJBEASOUBIAWFHIAEW
He’s vibing
So cute!
oh god this goes so well with Dr. Dre - Still, hah
This made my day
yeeeeeessss
My neighbor has one of these birds and he can sing Bruno Mars hehehe I love it
Hes vibing with the crew. Get well little bird. I have high hopes for you.
Me at my first rave.
Sweet dreams are *actually* made of this
u/eatingplutonium
Nothing rocks harder than a cockatoo
u/redditdownloader
This is how I imagine my wife spends her days working at the animal hospital. 

Its not. It's mostly nail trims and getting peed on.
Cockatoos are such divas
Cockatoos really are this friendly, even wild ones, you can feed them by hand, stop for a chat, punk out with them, they are an underrated Aussie.
Proud cockatoo owner.  They are very loving. Extremely sociable.  Actually require almost constant social contact.  

But be ready for an organic siren to go off in your house for no reason whatsoever.
He’s trying to get them digits!!!
#this bird got the vibe
"Hey babe,  how was work?"   "AMAZING!!! BEST DAY EVER!!!!"
Waiting for him to spit bars
‘These nuns are crazy and I love it.’
Sweet dreams are made of this
Why did this make me suddenly do the bounce movement?
Lil dude is popping off with the ladies
PLS UPVOTE
Those bounces are contagious
My sister has an umbrella cockatoo and it is the most annoying asshole in the world.
Look at that crest... he is lord and master and the ladies are right to bow before him. Cockies are egotistical little MFs. An ex’s father had a great story about a cockatoo that adopted the family and then proceeded to rain down hell on the family when they failed to please the bird. It all culminated in the family’s roof coming off in a strong storm because the little a-hole had been passive-aggressively pulling out the nails that held the corrugated iron down.
Sweet cockatoos are made with these
u/vredditdownload
Umbrella cockatoos are so pretty and very active birds. I remember my grandma rescued two when I was younger and one of them, who was called Baby, was a talker. Oooooohhhhh boy would it chat away.
Ladies man. Lucky cheeky bugger.
Dinosaurs became small, fun and puffy
Someone put a beat on this
That birds thinking, “yeah baby!!  I’m so getting laid today!”
Is that Pauly d?
i love this so much!!! 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
...drop it like it's hot...

Not even a fan of the song but all I can hear while watching this video.
So glad to know we aren’t the only hospital staff that sit around and do this with our birds haha
Ok now Dat wuz cute.
Man, this party is pretty hopping!
If I had 3 beautiful girls around me I would be dancing like that too.
I already love him.

I need one...♥️🐦
he's so happy :,)
Wow, you can really dance
Dance party!!! Hahahaha
Birds are so fun!
I had a horrible day and this made it better.  💜💜💜
My mom had one of these she had taken from a man who was going into a home and he couldn’t take the bird.

That bird hated everyone but my mother. It would climb down from its perch to chase you across the house.

Once it reached 2 feet to bite my dad.  My poor father jumped so hard his pants fell down. He was in blood thinners so he just started gushing blood AND had his pants at his ankles in front of everyone at Thanksgiving.

My sister recently had a baby and told my mother she wouldn’t be coming over unless the bird was in its cage the whole time. So, my mom tried to rehome it. No one wanted it. Rescues flaked left and right.

She called the vet and made an appt. That weekend was the date.

My mom called and just sobbed. She was actually considering flying down to South America to release her. Lol. Thankfully covid said nope. 

She kept trying to find a home and two days before the injection was to happen, a woman stepped up and said she’d take her

That woman is a bird whisperer and my mom’s bird is now the happiest it has ever been. Guess she just really hated us. 

Tl;dr - don’t get one of these. They’re not meant as pets, they outlive you, and then they’re just someone else’s problem.
All night they bounce. All day they bounce. They bounce whilst eating breakfast,lunch and dinner.
They are always bouncing.
[removed]
Umbrella Cockatoos parrots are one of the most given away birds. The half dozen I met all screamed at ear splitting levels. This one maybe happy but the dance is similar to being stressed out.
Big tittyshake energy on the left
Sydney’s got some moves!
What the government programmed it to do? The heck

r/birdsarentreal
Looks like I'm too early for a Schnoodle poem, will have to check back later.
What a player
Groovin
I would too!
what a showoff!
Can I dance with them?
SO ADORABLE
Tap tap tap tap tap hawah tap tap
Sydney is the king!
Just a bunch of birds vibin' 😎
BIRD!
At the beginning when it was slower, I envisioned the oompa loompa song / chant in the background. Then as it got faster, it reminded me of the Gummy Bear song.

Gummy Bear!
Me who has seen rio
r/partyparrot
I wanna be as happy as this bird
This cockatoo has more social skills than me
Starting my morning with a smile :)
😂
That birb vibin
Well,  there's your life of the party
Every work day needs a dance break!
Sydney got the whole crowd jumping
"If I just start hopping, these idiots will do the same. Suckers..."
Ngl he do be vibin
This reminds me of that one vine from a few years ago
At the end of the video I realized I was bopping my head too LMAO
One of them is a false cockatoo.
r/tippytaps
I don't care that it's a cockatoo, that's a party parrot.
🎶Well you can tell by the way I use my walk
I'm a woman's man, no time to talk🎶
Real trap shit
r/partyparrot
My head started moving up and down without me even noticing while watching this....
Party's fucking lit!
*v* *i* *b* *e*
r/youseeingthisshit
keeping amazing 🌟
/r/PartyParrot
Better dancer than me
an athlete squatted 500 reps in 20 minutes. this is what happened to his kidneys
Is that music the kahoot sweet dreams mashup?
I never realized they had a bald patch under that crest
Ooooh boy they V I B I N
Made me smile. :)
This video needs Hava Nagila dubbed in
Birds are hilarious—if everybody else is doing something, they’ll start doing it too. They’re very susceptible to peer pressure. 

I love making my Conures feel socially obligated to start bobbing their heads too.
lol dancing birds are so great. They just look so freaking happy.
Sydney wondering why they all want to build a spaceship made of gallium dark matter and liquid nitrogen to travel to the moon to prove the American moon landing was faked and then re establish a communist union on the moon
Cockatoos are precious... the nice ones that is
Why did I find myself bouncing while watching the video? 😂
The bird’s looking like an enthusiastic jazz-ercise instructor.
Lovely
If I watch with no sound I hear House of Pain, Jump up jump up and get get down.
Wrong. Sydney is here to steal your girl.
We used to have a cockatoo (named Tootoo) and I used to do this with him all the time as a kid. It was fun picking different music to make him dance to.
This bird is a hype man! (I miss getting hyped!)
My feel good video of the day. Thanks for sharing! :)
Someone make this a meme so everyone can dub it with a different song.
Love these silly birds. 

There was an aviary in my city that had one of these cockatoos. 

I was visiting one day and I stood in front of an umbrella cockatoos enclosure. I started singing to the bird: "Pretty bird, happy bird, pretty bird, happy bird," while bobbing my head. 

The cockatoo was loving it, bobbing along and dancing. 

This went on for about a minute, then I stopped and was going to move on. 

The cockatoo started screeching at me because I stopped lol. 

So, back to "Pretty bird, happy bird" for another couple minutes. 

I was happy to dance and sing for this bird's entertainment.
So now squatting is cool.
I wish I could dance with that kind of confidence.
Hit the upvote button by accident trying to turn the volume on. Have it anyway, I smiled.
he do be vibin' doe
I wonder if the face masks make them look like they have beaks, and therefore more like birds to the cockatoo
Na fam, he just in Minecraft with his friends
Idk seems like he’s in charge here
Bird Beyonce 😂
Clever bird, he just wants to get out of the vets.

This is like that scene from “What About Bob” where  Richard Dreyfuss tries to drop off Bob at the hospital, so he can temporarily get rid of him. However,  Bob ends up being funny and making friends with all the staff and they are forced to release him immediately anyway.
Look everyone I'm just like you!
my aunt used to have a female cockatoo, it often went ignored and would screech like crazy.  too many years later she finally re-homed it.
This is real socialization I want to do!
She do be vibin tho
"I'm sorry miss, but we need to keep your bird for a few more days... For uhhh observations."
Put on some dubstep.
That is cool
Sydney keeps better time than all the humans smh
Okay, so off topic question kinda, but is this a reason native American's danced the way they did? Just a resemblance so was asking.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_71w4UA2Oxo
Is this a Vibe Check?
They’re vibin
I love cockatoos <3
Nigel at the height of his popularity
Since I got a pet, I noticed vets are kinda crazy people, in the good way. I love it!
r/partyparrot would like to know your location
Oh hey rvbh
Me and my last few braincells be like
That drone appears to be malfunctioning.
My cockatiel did that boy I miss him man
He do be vibin' tho.
He's so adorable
This bird passes the vibe check
lol
He’s got some moves
I used to be quite... a looker. \*creepy bird grin\*

&#x200B;

Serious note, this is frigging adorable.
My 11 month old dances like that
I know nothing about birds so this is a serious question:  Does this bird know what's going on?  Is he hopping to mimic their movements because he assumes he's supposed to be doing that since they're all moving? Or is he truly just enjoying himself with moving around like that? Can any bird-owners weigh in?
So this is what 100 to look at an animal pays for? I'm down with that 😂
Bouncing on my boys bird
You know you’re an alpha male when your dance works on some 4 giant ladies
He has better game than a lot of guys I know.
Raves need birds to fuckin dance and bring the party
Boys Lockeroom: Hey Chloe is cute!!

Girls Lockeroom:
うん、友達
He's training his minions
r/partyparrot
I love this! My mom use to have cockatoos when I was growing up! This brings back fond memories thanks for sharing
he do be vibing
r/partyparrot
I should be working right now
Can someone id the song?
Is this by any chance a bird from a pet store in Oregon? There is a birdie in my home town who I visit and his name is Sydney and looks just like this guy!
Bruh, they all just tbagging
Why is the bird the only one that can dip to the beat?
look at his little bald spot !
Look what I made all the stupid humans do😄
I was doggysitting for a friend of the family and they also had a cockatoo. After I finished walking with the dogs I would take him out of his cage and dance with him. He was a big fan of Metallica and Sabaton
Fuck I love the vets office. Never a bad experience and I know my dog loved them too.
https://i.imgur.com/ExlttDR.gif
The one on the right isn't wearing her mask properly
If it weren't for the fact that I'd have to deal with blood and guts and stuff I'd totally be a veterinarian. You get to hang out with and take care of some fun and interesting creatures.
I guess we all know what happened in the movie Rio.
they’re filming a rap video don’t lie
I used to have a cockatoo named Sydney when I was in high school in Florida! We had to give him away when my parents split up and we all moved away. 

I wonder if this is my old friend? He'd be about 35 years old now. I hope it is, because he seems so happy and healthy. 

Now I  am wanting another one. He was the most interesting pet I've ever had!
Man, he's right on beat.
This makes me want a cockatoo, but I don’t think I would be a good owner for a parrot.
Now take him to the beach 😏
They vibin
they pass the vibe check
Legend has it they are still bouncing now. After years of bouncing the cockatoo stills wants to bounce.
Swiggity swooty
it's leg day at the... vet?
Thanks I hate my job now.
This is adorable
So that's how you socialize!
How can I download this in high quality?
I like to move it, move it.... (plays in my head without fail)
Dudes a gamer
Omg, that’s adorable! Stud man has all the girlies dancing! 😊
You are all lying that  you didn't dance with them 🦜🤣
u/vredditshare
Bonetrousle plays
Me vibing to metallica at 3 am
This made me smile alot
Dance Party!!!!
What a handsome fella! So cute
Cockatoos are so fucking cool
Pimpin ain't easy....unless you're Sydney.
r/apexlegends wants to speak with the bird
This guys probably a riot at parties.
I had music playing while watching and it fit perfectly.
Guy just squad wiped with no armor
u/ZLA1998 Its me when I dance 😂
I wouldn't feel safe working there.
Pretty sure he is flirting.
Sweet dreams are made of this.
Hey, all.  This post made realize there should be a subreddit dedicated to how vets act with our pets.  So r/VetsWithPets was born!

Please join and help post relevant content!
This post reminded me of the citron crested cockatoo our family owned. He randomly flew to our back porch one day, and we took him in and took him to the vet because somebody probably owned him (we live in Columbus,OH so this was obviously not his natural habitat) We even put up found posters, but no one had claimed him :( we ended up researching everything about cockatoos and adopted him ❤️ His name was Kiki. Sorry if this doesn’t belong here, but I just wanted to share my story of how we ended up with Kiki, our pet cockatoo.
I love big birds and I cannot lie!!
"Badger, badger, badger, badger, badger, badger, badger, badger, badger, badger, badger..."
Aw. This would super cute if I wasnt terrified of birds.as it is, it's just cute.
they do be vibin doe
Well, it’s nice to know a cockatoo can get more woman in one sitting than I ever can in my entire life. Time to visit my bartender for a second time this morning...
u/myluciiferislonely
look at them *moves*
Its enough to make a grown man smile.
Sydney is a mack. Driving the ladies crazy with sick moves.
This bird has crazy positive vibes.
Bahahah I love this! I started dancing 😂😂😂
That one lady be twerking.
When he does it is cute but when I dance one the table wearing only feathers it's inappropriate because that's the altar and we're in the middle of the mass.
r/whitepeoplegifs/
Lol
love
I really needed this today
This is the universal dance of boredom in online video games
SO CUTE!!!!!
In. his mind : the dance is working so much ass today... dance everyone..
Bird: “This club is 🔥!!”
R/Raaaaaaw!
That bird be vibin
That bird be vibin
These videos always make me want to run out and get a parrot, but then I realize they live for like 300 years.
Get that bird some Brand New Heavies
Now jump around, jump, jump, jump...
Does this bird happen to live at SFDK in Vallejo?
What a lovely bird.
Me when im trying to woo the ladies
You better get it boy!!👏👏
God-damn birds not socializing again!
Springy little one
I want to be a vet now
That Parrot had more rhythm than all the nurses combined.
#sexy and I know it
No cockatoo reddit post is complete without mention of this legendary bird.

https://youtu.be/XM8aBESf8EI
“Collared greens”  playing over this would be so on point
I’m the cockatoo and the vet techs are the nurses at my multiple sclerosis infusion center
Silent Disco:
Saved for when im down
S
Too cute!
u/redditvdownloader
That's staff has no rhythm
Lol
The birb was better synced with the music than the hoomans.
Criss Cross'll make ya...
For a second I thought it was a bird wearing a chefs hat happy as hell for how it's cheesecake came out
I’ve seen a cockatoo in my day
This made me happy
This makes me happy right now:)
That’s the big booty bitches dance!!!
This is weird. My umbrella parrot is a male named Sydney and he loves bouncing. Strange.
Parrot or Dogs, which smarter?
Poor bird thought he was gonna get laid by 4 girls
He looks so happy!
Lol
Worst parrot you could have as a pet...
The side shuffle slays me
Bouncebouncebouncebouncebouncebouncebounce
“These guys are alright!”
-bird
Looks like these gals know something
about a cockatoo.
Turned on One Step Closer Live in Texas by Linkin Park and watched this.

Was NOT disappointed. 😂
That bird is going to have the weirdest kind of fantasies when he goes to sleep tonight.
Imagine the MEMES. The MEEEEEEEEMESSSSSSsssSsS
I wish I could dance with bird
Some of the cutest animal behavior is "I DONT KNOW WHY WE'RE DOING THIS BUT I WANT TO BE INCLUDED!"
They're summoning the cockatoo master
Parrots are pure joy.
Am I the only one hearing jump Kramer, jump?😅
I was listening to Rage Against the Machine - Killing in the Name 

I scrolled down, this video started playing. It... It fits so perfectly.
Umbrella birb go brrrr
How cute
Damn little dude getting all the chics.
That bird has more rhythm.
Wow that’s a cool Shader Pack it almost tricked me into thinking it was real
Pretty Birds Love Trap Music
cockatoo: **STOP COPYING ME! I NEED TO PISS!**
Sydney really do be vibin doe
Animals are the best
Cue: House of Pain - Jump Around
Sydney has good taste in tunes!
Bird be thuggin’ ✊🏿
I would do this all day!
this belongs on r/tippytaps
He’s just vibin with everyone awww
This is so cute
Some of them want to be used by you
Put a mask on your bird bro
What a hoot!  Sydney is fantastic!
He got more rhythm than them
I like to move it move it.
Best not to leave thar iPhone there too long!
I like to move it, move it
He likes to move it, move it
We like to....
He'w tea baging them
I love Sydney
Clearly a ladies man!
Someone needs to put “jump around” to this
Reminds me of a parrot at my local greenhouse. Miss him...
Dude's got good taste in music.
Thank you for this :)
They vibin
Happy dancing birdy 😭❤️
Sounds like they're jamming to Sweet Dreams by Eurythmics. Nice choice 🤟
\*Every Chad when the quarantine / lock down is over.
Why did I start doing a bounce too?
They’re Bouncing buddies
I wish we all had birds.
Cuteeee
Well, I’m happy now... thank you.
That bird is beautiful!
I like to move it move it.


You like to


#MOVE IT
Wow thank u reddit from saving me from the news and showed me this
Birds aren't real.
Son hyphy af
He’s tryna fuck
Shii this is lit asl.
So do cockatoos actually like listening to music and it makes them dance? I’ve seen numerous videos of them doing this usually with music along with it. I don’t think I’ve heard of other animals react to music this way
"Lemme show you the dance of my people"
Such a sassy species
How I imagine aliens would interact with humans.
That's a well loved bird.
This made me so happy.
Has someone added music to this?
r/slammywhammies ?
This video needs the coffin dance song inserted.
I like dancing birds
He means that they can take the ammo right there. Its gamer code.
Chick in the blue is real hip-hop. I hope her favorite album fugees
r/PartyParrot
That cockatoo must have bird flu because that dance has gone viral.
That looks like a good personal trainer session there 😊, Sidney I hope is making premium seeds for their exercise routine?!

Eurythmics - Sweet Dreams (playing in the background)
Why am I sitting here alone and bobbing?
Bruh, this some slap
FYI: Cockatoo isn't a patient. Just a friend who stops by from time to time.
u/VredditShare
Man I work in the wrong industry...wish I was a vet.
When a bird bounces ya gotta bounce with them. It's the law.
Plot twist. Birb is smart and is secretly observing human breasts jiggling to and fro
Minecraft peace sign be like:
Can someone add House Of Pains “Jump Around” and repost.
Cockatoo thinks it's a rave👾
Let me show you the dance of my people
Gave me a super doofy smile wishing I was there, thanks for sharing
For a quick second in the middle there I thought he was trying to Crip Walk
Poor guy thinks he is getting laid :/
It’s the evil bird from rio
Me going through the gym at work after I take my caffeine pill.
“Socializing”? Dude he’s surrounded by women.  Whaddya think he’s doing?
WHY DID THIS MAKE ME CRY
Plenty ounce to the bounce
In the background is actually playing disc 11 or 13
I was playing swamp thing by pegboard nerds and fuck it really does go with this video
i needed this :)
Veterinarians are the biggest dorks, I love it.
Chad
This bird birds.
Damn if this was an anime... let’s just say there would be a lot of nice views
Can you imagine being that cockatoo? At least 4 massive humans bouncing at the same rate as me. Their mouths covered, sharp instruments in the room. .... if I stop bouncing, does that mean that they will eat me?
I have a blue gold macaw who dances like this, it's really hard not to bop along
Anyone else bobing their head while you watch this?
Girl on the left has some nice bouncers
That is cool. I love animals, they all have their own personalities.
this video made my year. thank you everyone. and thank you Sydney the parrot.
And they say white boys can't dance.
He just wants to see chests bouncing, he knows what he's doing
That’s too funny! He’s so cute! We were supposed to have a parrot and an African gray come in for nail trims today, but we lost power so we had to cancel. But Sydney is adorable!
Happy hour 🥶
“You’re going to be put down today!”
That cockatoo knows what he's doing...
That bird has way more rhythm than those women lol
More Bounce to an Ounce..
For real, I'm a currently an emergency animal technician; if an animal can't socialize with ppl, it's chances of being re-introduced are limited....
"Ain't no one on the block got swagger like us...."
Bruh Sydney got the moves
[I think this song fits here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Gc4QTqslN4)
Umbrella cockatoos have used the movement of piece for centuries
Cute cockatoo, lousy umbrella.
Eu are very ryhtmic, Mr. Cockatoo!
He was bouncing to see them bounce to see books jiggling
made my day 😂
Hypno-Cockatoo
That bird has good taste in music
Sydney must be protected. He’s a national treasure
Whenever I see these kinds of birds bouncing like that, "Backstreet's Back" immediately pops into my head. And I know I'm not the only one.
He sure has a way with the ladies!
The bounce that causes heart quake
What a player. This needs rap music and some lens flare
This is the kind of thing that made me want to be a veterinarian when I was 8.
Bird: look, I can make the hairless apes dance!
When a goddamn bird is better at socializing than you
This is by far the cutest thing I’ve ever seen in my life
So cute. I want to adopt a similar bird. But I am unsure if my cat and the new bird will gel harmoniously. My cat jumps at the sound of a bird and runs to the window. She is an indoor cat though.
he do be vibing
Source?
Sis went: ⬆️⬇️⬆️⬇️⬆️⬇️⬆️⬇️⬆️⬇️⬆️⬇️⬆️⬇️⬆️⬇️⬆️⬇️⬆️⬇️⬆️⬇️⬆️⬇️⬆️⬇️⬆️⬇️⬆️⬇️⬆️⬇️⬆️⬇️⬆️⬇️⬆️⬇️⬆️⬇️⬆️⬇️⬆️⬇️⬆️⬇️⬆️⬇️⬆️⬇️⬆️⬇️⬆️⬇️⬆️⬇️⬆️⬇️⬆️⬇️⬆️⬇️⬆️⬇️⬆️⬇️⬆️⬇️⬆️⬇️⬆️⬇️⬆️⬇️⬆️⬇️⬆️⬇️⬆️⬇️⬆️⬇️⬆️⬇️⬆️⬇️⬆️⬇️⬆️⬇️⬆️⬇️⬆️⬇️⬆️⬇️⬆️⬇️⬆️⬇️⬆️⬇️⬆️⬇️⬆️⬇️⬆️⬇️
Who can stand still when hearing the eurythmics :D
In Australian and this is the first I've ever heard of an umbrella cockatoo. 
Til & one of the 10000 today.
I want a cockatoo so bad.
He got the hops
Some legends says they are still bouncing to this day
We obviously inherited dance from our distant avian ancestors.
So cool to share the beat with its humans!
Birb
That is the whitest white person dancing I've ever seen.  TIL A cockatoo has better moves than me.
This bird needs Angela White as his friend.
Aww this is so cute!!! If I jump a little all these hoodmen will all jump with me! They’re so silly
Reminds me of Halo back in the day
The cockatoo dances much better than I do.
Cockatoo hype man
Started with a hundred bricks
Go lil guy
Slay king slay
u/rvideodownloader
Legends says they still bounce to this day
