Love the graying muzzle - senior dogs are so sweet
r/petthedamndog
I love him
Oh he is beautiful
This reminds me of my old guy who we are taking to the vet tomorrow for sadly his last car ride. Cherish the moments you get with them, while you have them.
Happy elder stateman.
I hope my dog gets to be old like this.
I want to give this little guy the world!! What a sweetie!!
What kind of dog is he? Very beautiful
Reminds me of my old dog, doesn't care about age all he want to do is please master.
Old timer with a young heart.
Handsome
r/petthedamndog
Just want to gently boop the snoot.
That cute little face, it makes me melt!
Sweet old boy ☺️
I love him. He is an old puppy.
Aww what a cute old baby
The face that has seen much. So many skritches requested, so many successful belly rubs. He has perfected the proud pat request. We will all provide the pats and the belly rubs. ❤️❤️❤️
this looks so much like my old dog zeus and my stomach did a whole bunch of flips thinking it was him, miss that sweet boy
I would give him treats whenever he wanted some.  T-T
Each grey hair earns him a belly rub or ear scratches.
It’s adorable how he sorta shuffled into sitting. My old boy does that. Old joints I guess. He’s a grand old man.
A dignified gent.
The seniors have their own style!
Theres just something about a sweet beautiful pup with a touch of silver that always makes me smile.  Their love is so pure. It radiates 🌟 ❤❤❤
Such happy and adoring eyes
What breed is this ear floofer?
Boop
Oh man, what kind of dog is this? Dachshund mix?
Omg omg i love this old guy! So cute!! I have an old jack Russell.  Love him too!!
Always the best boy
Pure goodness.
Handsome
Old dogs don't get enough love on reddit <3
Please Boop and give many hugs to this most handsomest boy!!!
 Omg I love him ❤️
He reminds me so much of my pup growing up. He’s beyond adorable and so happy!
Silvery Snoots = Best Snoots
That puppers is adorable! Is he some kind of terrier?
Pet him damnit
He looks like a sea otter!!
Had to put my old girl Kacey down the other day. She lived 17 great years
Omg what a cutie!
Handsome fellow for sure.
Cutie!!
Once a good boy, always a good boy. Good boy!
Sweetiepuss..!
Old dogs are the best boys/girls!  At the same time I wish those sweet grey faces didn’t mean they were getting old.
Old dogs can not only learn new tricks, but they can also be as cute as a pup.
omg he’s so cute :-)
What a sweet face
I LOVE HIM!
Waggling boy 🥺
He is perfect in every way
Omg this fellow is so so precious and reminds me of my little guy who passed recently. Enjoy every moment together.
/r/OldManDog demands tribute
absolutely  beautiful
What breed is this?
Aww🥺❤️
He looks like he's still full of love.  Hope you both enjoy a lot more time loving ❤. 🐾♥️🦴🐾
such
Beautiful and adorable ❤️
You had me at adorable.
Your very best old friend!  So sweet.
Awwww what a cute dog
😍😍😍😍😊❤️
Good old boy
Awww!!! Sweet baby!!!
OMG I met a dog today that looked JUST LIKE THIS!
What a handsome young man. 😘😘❤️❤️
Sweet frosty face, boop
r/petthedamndog
He always be a good boi ... ♥️♥️♥️
r/ntbdbiwdfta
Omg the most adorablest!!
Senior dogs are the best, they have so much love to give.
What a good boyyyyy *pat pat* 🥰
An old boy but always your pup!
He’s adorable. Such a beautiful senior boy. Love him and please, please pet him 😊
That’s not a boy 

That’s a man right there

The goodest man on earth
What a sweet little face!!
I love this Lil'Old Man
He's so cute looks like he still wants to play
Just a sweet old fella 💙
10/10 - "would boop that snoot"
Anyone know the breed? He's too cute
Omg cutie!!! 😍
I love him
I love him, I would do anything for that pup
His honest and loyal eyes OMG👁👁
He looks wiser than most humans tbh
The finest grade salt and pepper ever made
Such a good boy
I want this exact kind of dog.
just give him a pat already
can i give hims some pets? such a handsome old man ❤️
Old man puppy
He is old but he is still no less loving than when he was young give him a few head pats.
10/10 would follow him on an adventure
Oh, my heart 💜💜💜
Awww what breed is he?
*worf
You are the handsomest old boy - aren’t you ❤️
So dang sweet!! ❤
Gotta love a grayface 💕
I would do anything for him!
Old dogs are so precious, not to be depressing but it’s a shame dogs aren’t biologically immortal.
So sweet and polite
Who’s a good boy???
You have my respect sir!
My dog's the same size but she's a old lab. I love her. Even though she's like 70 in dog years she acts like a puppy 😂
I love senior puppies
He stands on his own.
I luff him <3
ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh buddy!!!!!
I want to squeeze him gently with one hour long hug.
Hello handsome!
ANGEL BOYYYYY COMMERE
Senior dogs are the best dogs!
PLS GIVE HIM A HUG FOR ME
His little old man walk!
He looks so sweet😍
Pet him, God damnit!
Too pure for this world! 🥺
Bless it!!
🥰🥰🥰
So sweet ❤️❤️❤️
Sweet ole sole,  what a cutie
Pet the dawg mf
Man i wish I had coins. I’d give all of them to you!
That love in his eyes..
Awe!   So cute.   Live strong ol’boy
LOVE his face!!!💗
Cherish the moments......such a good boy.
What is this breed???
so wise
So cute. I want to be like him when I’m older.
Old grey haired dogs are the best. Please boop him for me
Old dogs are the sweetest things on this planet
Awww my older dog looks almost exactly like him, only a tiny bit less grey.
r/ntbdbiwdfta
OH - he is adorable🥰
Oh my gosh...he is the most precious sweetheart 😩😍

r/ntbdbiwdfta
Hi sweet boy!
so sweet
This little guy is so cute!! I miss my old boy so much 😭
He’s adorable.
Oh! His little face with his stately grey ☺️
Yep. That’s a dog.
Stop filming him and pat him. Such a good pup.
Seal Wolf
Sosososo good adorable boi yes yes yes
My man!!
He’s awesome
He is gorgeous
What a cute salt and pepper boy
Oh!..Himmy is
What a gorgeous pup. Love him too much :P
Why do I think he’d have a British accent??? 😂❤️
Good boi
My neighbors have an old labradoodle, he is a very good, happ boy.
This dog looks wise
Best Boi
OG good bois are the bestest good bois, pets rubs and treats all of it!
Everybody talking about the dog but what about the ant that was almost crushed twice. Them guys want love too
Senior bubbies always melt my cold heart.
bestest boiye
What breed
OMG what a super QT...make sure to let him/her know
Omg he’s so sweet!!!
Sorry have to double post,,,,so miss my babies ecoveryday,,,kss kss to u
😍😍😍😍😍😍omg what an angel
I have a hard time articulating how amazing dogs are.
Is there a reason why older dogs have white fur around their face?
A beautiful wise soul. Wish dogs lived happily forever
My old girl looks like that. She’s a cocker so it’s more like a bumblebee but just as cute.
Please give him a kiss for me
i wish i could hug him
A great old puppet, needs all the pet he can get
At first I thought it was Harambe.
He looks like my baby I just lost yesterday.
Please give him a big squeeze and tons of kisses while you can. Time flies and it's not compassionate. I love your baby's sweet little face <3
Edit: a word
Pet him you heathen.
Looks like he’s had a long and happy life.
I don't want to see anymore of these videos where the animal isn't pet.
I hate videos where people don't pet the dog
PET THAT DAMN DOG!
Dawww
Dogg
Oh! I love him! 🥰🥰
I want that dog!  Puppers I will pet you...come on home.
Boop his nose please D :<
He’s so beautiful but makes my heart ache. I just said goodbye to my doggy nephew today. He lived 16 long beautiful and adventurous years. Can’t wait to see you again someday, Rebel. Auntie loves you so.
What kind of dog is he? I need 8.
We’ll all meet him in heaven one day.
The most boopable snoot I’ve seen in a while!
They look exactly like our late border collie “Pepper”. My mother thought it was him so much so she started tearing up. Thank you for sharing this video.
Love him
Omg I love him
r/ntbdbiwdfta
hello friend
The goodest good boy in all the land
What breed is he? My dog looks similar and we've never been able to figure it out. 

https://i.imgur.com/80mX7El.jpg
Good Boy!!!
That's a sweet BooBoo.
An elder
you give that pupper all the loves or so help me bob i’ll come give him all the pets.
I would literally die for this dog
please tell me you pet this sweet baby IMMEDIATELY after this video.  I love him, and I want to pet him.  A lot.
Very possibly the Very Most Goodest of all the Goodest Boys
He looks like a proud grandpa 😭
You beautiful soul, you
Oh baby😍😍
Almost stepped on a bug there
Whenever I see an old boi like this I think about how many animals there are in the world that when they start to age, nature inevitably and ruthlessly comes for them.

But dogs like that find a good home, like this one has, know that they'll always have food on the way, and that they can take as much time as they want to sleep in the sun.

And, thinking about it like that makes me happy.
Cutness overloaded
Love him so.
He is loved and lucky. He knows it.
He is my friend and I love him lol we’ve never met and that’s quite alright.
He wags. He sits. He gets the pets.
this guy's waiting for Fry to get back to the pizzeria
Need to hug.
This definitely made me “awwww!” out loud! 🙂
Hi buddy!
Who's a good boy? ❤❤❤❤❤
PET HIM!!!!!
Give him a big scritch
Whyyy won't you peeeett me.. I'm a good dog, OP. I'm a very good dog... Why wooon't you peeettt me??
The older the more adorable.
Clearly a very good ol boi.
He looks like such a cool old dog. He deserves all the treats and scratches.
Give him anything he wants.
Hi good boy
He looks very polite
Hes a aweetie!
Such a sweet face!!
❤️
❤️
So I have a great Dane lab puppy. She would crawl under your old boy.
This old guy fills my heart!!!
Good ol Boy!!!!!
Holyshit pet him!
This is giving me feelings
And it feels weird to feel pure happiness for the second time in my life, but also really damn good, now give him all the belly rubs
Can anyone tell me what breed he is exactly?
Why this dog look like it’s part ferret 😭
Prefect lil baby
That’s a good boy indeed :)
Is that poppins?
/u/schnoodledoodledo where are you?
Can confirm it’s so adorable!
I think this is the cutiest dog I have seen in this sub... his little gray-wise-puppy face <3
Adorable is a understatement this Doggo is much much adorable! Happy lil buddy ;)
If this isn't your fucking dog, I hope you burn in hell.
I'm so glad I came across this, because this dog has the same face as my childhood dog. Brought back memories.
I just want to hug him
Looks a bit too crisp for my tastes
Distinguished Gentleman 😍😍
I actually started to reach out to pet him!  He is such a fine gentleman.
Very cool!
Walkin slow

Frosty muzzle 

But he still wigglin
I thought it said affordable...
I wanna give him so many pets, and treats.
What a very handsome boy. Old dogs are the best. I miss my old girl (lost her in June to lung cancer at just short of 11 years old). FUCK CANCER.
He sat. Woah...
I don’t want to live forever. 

I want my dog to live forever. Now that would be amazing
Só beautiful ... mine is 17 and is blind !!
This looks just like my dog but black! Same size, ears, snout, eyes, coat texture, everything!
His tail wag never aged, bless his heart :)
Cutest thing 🥺
The wisdom is strong with this boi
That looks like an r/Incorgnito to me...!
I love this boi
That is one irresistible dog.
He looks like the tramp from that Disney movie.
I love gray puppers!
Looks like an otter-dog
I know this dog. Sad news about him. He carries the Black Plague. Just dm me and I’ll meet up to take him away to treat him for his Black Plague.
I love him already.
Old school cuteness. Wonderful.
THAT IS A VERY GOOD BOY
It's a straight up tie between my favorite, puppies or old dogs. Can't really pick one over the other, they're both so endearing in their own ways!
I love him
Amazing!!
I want share this.. But i have no friend to share with....
Old boy loves you sooo much.

Adorable. 😊
He's a good boy...
Nice
Good dog.
His face is coated in powdered sugar, that's why he's so sweet.
PRECIOUS
HENLO!!!!!
He poked my heart. ♥️
I WANT TO GIVE HIM ALL THE PETS
Too cute!
If you ever want to give him up - I'll DM you my #.

This boy deserves to grow old with grace.
WhAt old boy dash ah lil baybeeeeeee always gonna be a baby because doggeeeeee
He looks like he has millions of stories to share from his life and would love to tell every single one of them.
Oh my goodness. ♥️♥️♥️
What a little shrimp 

I love him so much 
Give him kissies from meeeeeee 
And nice boop to the snoot
Sweetest face ever! Why do dogs have to grow old! My teenagers always ask why they weren’t created to live as long as us.  Our choc lab just turned 7, and even though he acts like a puppy still - I DREAD the day his energy dies down.
GIVE THAT BUDDY A SNUGGLE.
Aww I love dogs
So cute
Oh please give this good boi all the kisses and scratches.
❤️him
What a good puppy
I would certainly smooch the sweet boy
aww hes so sweet and adorable!
17/10, would die for
Poppins!
I just wanna pet him, and kiss him, and hug him, and throw his ball forever. I love him.
No idea who this dog is but I absolutely love them
Lots of experience being such a good boi...
SWEET BABY ANGEL
This is cute 💕💞
I love old dogs. It’s so sweet how you can tell a dog is old by the coloring on its face. It’s a badge of honor for being a good boy so long.
You Soo cute
❤️❤️❤️❤️
Thank you doggo for allowing to be filmed. Hope you got pet as a reward.
i always am in awe that no matter how old a good doggo gets, their affection never wanes

absolutely amazing
Oh my God I love old doggos they have so much character in their faces 🐶
Such a precious old boiiii! 🥺
😭💛
I saw him on TikTok today
There’s wisdom in those eyes.
They look like an axolotl
Aww they look like my late doggo, Kipper. What a cutie 🥰🥺
The goodest boi
I want a sweet old pup just like this when I finally get my house w a yard
Him is a good old pooch!
Cute
Whoa what breed?
Its not fair these posters have some kinda bots that get them more upvotes. Small timers like me will never have that many upvotes. 

Bullshit artist
#cantupvoteenough. Such a good boy!!
Aww that cute lil face needs to be petted and kissed often!❤️
Old boys are the best boys!
He just looks so content...
What a good boi!! Omg, I wanna hug him!
What a sweet old boy he is. I love him! ❤️😊❤️
That dog deserves so many hugs!
Want. To. Cuddle. So. Much.
Thumbs on cheeks. Fingers behind ears. Scritch until one of us dies.
Nice
The best boy bring him to berta!
Doggo 🥺
u/vredditshare
good dog <3 how old are you?  
we also have old dog here, his sense of hearing is getting worse
I love old dogs. They get gray in the cutest areas.
Omg so cute
Thank God there's no audio. My heart can barely take the cuteness already, if I hear the sweet old pup ask for pets my heart will probably burst.
Wow this is a true cutie
He looks like an otter
Didn't even give him a treat. You're awful
Doggie
Lovely old chap
Old dogs are so funny, and they get smarter as they get older. Its funny though my sister 14 y.o. yorkie poo sees me come up to him and wake him up from a nap, for like 45 seconds he just kinda looks dazed. I call it loading screen. Then he snaps to reality and gets super exited. Itn just takes him about a minute to realise whats going on then gets more excited as he realises its someone he likes there to see him
I adore senior citizens!!! They hold such a special place in my heart. Hold n love that furbaby every second you can.
Give this boy a hug!
10/10
I wish ppl posted the dog breed always.
I love hiiiiiim
❤️
Perfection.
I love him and want to pet him so damn much. Old dogs are so lovely.
Cutie xx
PET IT!
I've never wanted to hug a dog more. ;_; he's so pretty i would die for him
Sucha boi
What type of doggo is that? Its seems perfect.
There's a loving heart there even though he's not too spry.
What old boy? All I see is the sweetest baby
He is so sweet! Bet he loves snuggling up on the couch!!
Lovely old doggo, do you happen to know the breed? my 17 and half RIP doggo is nearly identical to yours.
I want him!!!
Hewoooo good boi!!!! I woof you!!! 🥰
Ohhhh ❤️❤️❤️ Made my day
He’s trying to appear young but he’s old lmao

PS IM DRUNK AND THIS IS MY WISDOM SO UPVOTE THIS COMMENT LMAOOOOOOOO BUT FOR REAL UPVOTE IT
What breed is that? He reminds me so much of my old dog. The coat, the size, the ears, the demeanor. 😢
I'd have to pass.
My heart just melted ❤️🙈
So good
I love pets so much but I've never had such an emotional reaction over seeing a dog. So cute! Literally ended up in tears ☺️
I love
Precious. Extra adorable ears.
He made me kiss the screen
what breed is he?
Oh my gosh I want to give him al the pets
Beautiful
I love a grey dog
What's the breed?  He's adorable and distinguished
The love on those eyes its palpable! Best to you and your boy <3
Boop!
What a sweetie!
11/10 would watch this video on repeated until the end of time
This dog kinda looks like my grandpa
Such a sweet elderly gentleman.
What’s funny is that it I can look at this dog and instantly genuinely love him without a doubt and without ever having meeting him. You can say that for most, if not all, dogs that look like this.
What a well-behaved teenager.
Aww he IS adorable!!
Gewd doggo
I’m getting him some arthritis supplements. And a tummy rub.... and all the ear scritches.
I gave up arrow, then you decided to not pet him, I made it gray again.
Awwwww
❤️❤️
Old good boys are always my favorits thing. So wise, so handsome.
He has so much love in his eyes... this is what all old dogs should be able to be like
I wanna pet this cutie
Handsome too!
Oh my gosh he so cute (=θωθ=)
For a second there I thought he was an otter.
Those eyes, his pure soul. ❤️
So cute
Pat the god damn dog
Oh god, I love him/her.  Had a dream about my old girl last night and can’t get her out of my head all day, then saw this. God I miss her!
I’m crying this is so sweet
what breed is this?
How old?
I love this old boy.
Downvoted for making old boy wait for pets.
It’s unfair dogs age
he's a bear🤗
I would die for him
What a polite and sweet old gentleman. I hope he gets treats every single day!
@louisamccourt on TikTok and @corkymccorker on instagram. Credit
Oh my heart x i needed to see him today thank you x💞x
PUPPY
That pupper has gotten so many pets that his color has started getting rubbed off
 I hope he lives longer, stay strong stay health buddy!
Handsome. And there's wisdom in those lovely eyes.
Wanna smooch him so adorable.😍😘😘😘😘😘😘😘
Simply the sweetest!
Kisses to the good boy.
I’m bouta steal this boy so watch out
p e t h i m
Hector Salamanca
He looks like a seal.
I accidentally pressed the feed button while trying to upvote this little guy. It took me waaaayyyy up to the top, but didn't refresh the feed. I scrolled all the way back through to find him because I didn't catch which sub it was. 

That is how much I thought he deserved my upvote. So worth it.
Awww such a precious old pooch! Pet him already!!
He's awesome!  Can I take him home?
😭💕
Damn.  That's a handsome pup.
He looks like a dude who has had a happy life filled with love.
AWHH. What kind of dog is this?
Boop X 100!
Smoochie face❣️
His love for you is clearly in his beautiful eyes
Did anyone notice his ears make him look like he has the "bernie sanders" haircut?
I would carry this cutie everywhere I go.
What a happy guy
Those soft eyes melts my heart.
Sweet boy❤️
Yes, he is ADORABLE 🤗
He so handsome! What a sweetheart!
💕💕💕
Such a love muffin ❤️
The old woman accepts friendship
Aww adorable
Best boy
Love the older doggos! He knows things
Something about those aging grey muzzles and the little old man look🥰 just melts my heart. How can you NOT love that face?!!?!
Senior dogs are the best <3
I’m in love...it feels like cheating because my guy is watching me type this.
I don’t care how old a dog is , when I see one I will always say “awwww look at the baby”.
He's about half the size but his face is nearly identical to our pupper we lost 11 months ago. Booka, his dance is very reminiscent of him. He was 14.
Look at this greying baby. What a sweet old boy.
Wish dogs had unlimited life😭🥺
Yes, the best bio I've seen in months.
What breed is this good doggo?
Everyone loves puppies, but I would rather just lay down with a old dog and watch a movie
Cute and cuddly yet dangerous
