Everybody is leaning in for that picture.
They have the same look on their faces! Love it!
This photo is the epitome of "Dogs look like their  owners" and vice versa.

Edit: Also, congrats.
He’s really posing - like “don’t forget me, dad! Get my good side”
Dachshunds love a pack and adding to a pack makes them more protective! Congratulations family!
she reminds me of Dobby from Peep Show
I mean this in the absolute best way possible: your wife looks like Gru’s girlfriend in despicable me 2
They have the same look in their eyes and slight smile - I love it
[deleted]
She reminds me of Lucy from Despicable Me
My wife had a dog like that who has since passed on.  Was super into her during and after the pregnancy.  When we brought our son home we set him down in his seat so she could sniff him, and she'd sniff him then do some zoomies and tippy taps and go back to sniffing him.
He looks so proud. Some dogs have such expressive eyes.
"Yeah... he's cute.  But \*I\* am the REAL baby here."  --Dog
This is so good to see. I have a very clingy and defensive weiner dog mix and I'm very nervous about having a baby in the future, although he loves kids. I hope I'll get the same result.
My sisters dog went into full on mom mode when the baby was born. It was amazing. She's a rescue and she's always been a bit timid and shy, but the baby brought her out of her shell. She sleeps with him, she barely let's him out of her sight, she stands guard of the other dog is getting too excited around the baby (barking or running around). Its beautiful
Parents have two dachshunds. They ADORE my daughter. Even the super crabby red weiner dog who barks at everything and only previously loved my dad loves her. Congrats! Your little buddy is gonna be a major protector!
Have you ever watched the movie The Dark Crystal?
Cute fam, congrats!
This confirms your dogs deepest darkest fear: he’s adopted :(
As someone who never owned a dog: Do dogs simply accept babies as new members of the „pack“ and are friendly with them or do you have to teach them this behavior?
[deleted]
You can definitely tell he's posing for the family photo
That puppers smile! 20/10 good boi!
Dobby
“I don’t trust it, can’t turn my back on it”
This is precious! Congratulations!
Mommy's helper!
Congratulations and enjoy! I became a dad in January and my kid has been the shining light though this crazy year. Cherish every moment they come fast and go even faster. Pro tip of you have an outfit you adore from them being a tinny little bean put it on a teddy bear and give it to them when they become a bigger bean.
They kinda look alike.
The finer things club
Dachshunds are EXTREMELY motherly dogs. They learn routines quick. Bed time for kids? They will enforce it. Waking up children in the morning? They’ll bark until they are sure they’re awake. Protecting and being gentle with children? Yup. Someone threatening their baby (human) brother? Best believe it could be a grizzly that dog will die fighting for him. Sometimes they act like they don’t care but they are a pack animal and they will love everyone in their pack and have their back.
Dog and owner are identical

Congrats to your beautiful family
Had 2 dachshunds when my first born arrived. One of them paced with my wife the night she went into contractions. Knew thenbaby was coming.

After he was born one would lay by him all the time and if people came by, one of them would get between the baby and the people that hadn't seen him yet and would gonceasy if someone tried to touch him without us handing him over.

Very protective dogs. They loved my kids probably as much as we do. Keep em close.
Your wife looks like Dobby the house elf
Caption:  I know something the photographer does not.
Awwww so adorable!
Many cuties in the picture :) Enjoy your newborn.
The Most Interesting Dog In The World.  "Stay thirsty, my friends."
Congratulations, you must be very proud!
they have a similar smile..lol  
cute
That smile
He has the same expression as your wife and it made me giggle. He’s so proud!
Awwww dapple mini short hair.
I grew up with 4 miniature Dachshunds. <3, they're the best!
The dog is saying, “im the real baby here”
Look at that "this is my wife now" face.
[That damned smile](https://i.imgur.com/bAMo2f1.jpg)
He literaly posed for this family photo
Your wife and dog have the same smirk.  That's awesome.
Please don’t take this the wrong way but your dog looks like your wife
Your wife and dog looks awfully similar
You're baby and dog are absolutely adorable. But please also tell your wife she looks amazing! That was one thing that I noticed when I had a baby is that no one really saw me much for awhile
Haha wtf that dog is legit leaning in and smiling for this photo!
What a beautiful family!
Damn, this is adorable.
They look the same.
She’s my cousin and she’s the nicest. Don’t troll them. 🥰
Ooh a dog near a child.

Controversial sorting time
Beautiful ❤️
Great photo. That is one photogenic dog!
Doggo knows that baby is a good source of spilt milk and strained peas.
Such a lovely family :) You, sir or madam, are to be envied. No sarcasm.
I think your dog and your wife might be related...
Is it me or do the dog and wife look alike? They have the same face expression.
Gib me the baby
Your wife resembles Tessa Violet and it’s kinda insane
We had a female dachshund when my little sister was born, and she was insanely jealous. The first night home, she shredded my favorite teddy bear. The second night, my pajamas while I slept in them. There wasn't a third night. I still resent my sister for that, just a little.
He’s so photogenic!!!!
Such a sly lookin pup!
The dog is photogenic for real
Look at him posing prim & proper as what a big brother should be :3
Your wife looks amazingly zen for being a new mom.

Had a pic of me been taken when my daughter was that young,

A) i was carrying a ton of baby weight
B) my hair was definitely uncombed, and probably unwashed
C) I would have been in pajamas 
D) i would probably have a red face or at least red eyes from bawling constantly!!

Your wife looks like she has got the mom thing wired!  Congrats to you,  wife,  and dog on your newest addition!
their both even looking and smiling at the camera :)
he looks so proud you would think he's the dad. :)
Super envious! We have two cats and a dog, and none of them wanted to be near the baby when we brought me son home. Eventually the needier cat and dog realized if they wanted mom and dads attention they had to care for the baby, and now the dog and my son are best friends
I know dogs don’t ‘smile’ in the human sense, but that’s an uncanny facsimile of a smile.
The dog and wife have the same facial expression.
Your wife looks like a gelfling.
Wow, she really looks like her mother. 💕🤓
am I the only one who finds the dog's staring creepy?
That is one handsome good boy.
This dog and the baby actually talk when no one is around
He's smiling
When pets and owners start looking alike
Bro your dog looks like he's boutta steal your whole fam
Can you do a "roast me"  me thread with these charachters?
This picture looks like an Animorph cover. You all look so alike!!!
Jealous fuck
He’s even posing 😫🥰
Dachshunds are the best.
Aww, his paws are curled so politely too :')
What a perfect picture! The pup is smiling & mom has the same smile! This made me smile too!
He's waiting for a chance to.lick the baby.
It's funny how dogs really do look like their owners
Did.. both decide on a pose ?
And a ham apparently
Dog looks like his owner
Dog said “*our* wife”
I can see the family resemblance. The baby looks nice too.
Awww! This made my heart melt! I love how the dog is looking right at the camera....he knows you're taking a picture! Super cute. Congrats on the new baby!
I have the exact same doxie...even the little smirk. Mine is nearing 14 now.

He'd obsess about any baby that came into the house. Good boy.
He looks like a big bro!
I was glancing quickly and misread the title as dad instead of dog and it was a weird thought progression.

Wait “our dad”?

Wait the dads an older brother to the baby as well? 

What kind of Alabama nonsense is thi.... oh it says dog.
Your dog has the same smile as your wife.
Every day OneDrive sends me a notification and a gallery of pictures taken on that day in previous years. Today I got a bunch of my then 15 year old ACD trying to comfort my infant daughter. Dog was always really motherly to my kids up until the day she died.
He looks like his mom
He looks like he's taking credit.
Bro your dog is dobby the elf
You know how dogs and their owners sometimes look alike?
Might wanna get a paternity test
Pretty sure its an attention thing not a i care about this baby thing.
They’re all so beautiful and healthy looking! Congratulations!
Ok but why is your dog so ridiculously photogenic tho
doggie has the same smile as your wife
It’s Dobbie from Peep Show on BBC
He's not an older brother. It's a dog.
My husky is the same way with my little sister. He is rarely in a different Room than her. I think it's them just being protective.
He looks just like my dog! So cool seeing another dapple dachshund like him
Your wife is planning something sinister.......even the dogs in on it
Why do dogs do this? My mum's dog did the same when I was a baby.
Canines are the purest form of love.
I hope our doxie is as happy with our baby when the time comes. I'm so worried he's going to be aggressive instead of protective. :(

E: forgot to say you all look shiny and incredible! Love it!
You should print that picture and frame it.  It's beautiful.
How do they fucking know? I've never had the privilege of having a dog... but I'm always in awe of how doggos behave around babies...hell, even pregnant ladies. How do they fucking know?!
The dog looks like the wife.
When your dog is more photogenic than you.
The dog is probably jealous, not proud.
He looks so proud, so cute! Ps congrats on ur new baby!!
Mom pheromones. Nursing mothers smell nice to other mammals.
Is it just me or the dog and the lady look similar
[deleted]
Babies are such a blessing! Congratulations to you and your family! 💚
He's a proud pet. 

Pets are a part of your family but they are not children and this is a hill I am willing to die on.
You have a beautiful family.
Your dog is not your child's sibling, or your child. It is your dog. A pet. Nothing more, nothing less.
Congrats!  Just had a kid in May!   Please remember to walk and play with your dog when possible.
Dogs are incredible. My dad's boxer was very protective of my wife during her pregnancy. And he stood guard beside my daughter's pack n play during visits. They love their packs.
A protector weenie. Ours was kind of the same way when our kid arrived.
Look at that protective lil’ face!
His eyes are so proud lol
Proud brother smile face too
Someone’s had their dick in the dob 

/peep show
Not to be rude, but I totally see the family resemblance in your wife and your dog.
Or a proud dad
The dog isn't proud... The dog is jealous.
Nice little family. Congrats
I love that the dog is posing like your wife!!!!  So cute!!!!!
My weenie dog laid over my belly with my first daughter the entire time, this is so sweet awwwwe.
Uff....she's a looker
Good big brother.
So adorable 😍
Photogenic!
What's your favorite recipe in the soup book?
He knows it's a puppy!
So beautiful!
Good boy.
And “screams” it’s a... dog??!?
Such a wholesome family, sending love your way.!
That's an amazing picture.
Once he gets his ears grabbed for the first time he might be more wary of the baby!
I’m like 90% sure this dude married a Fae
I'm pretty sure that dog is just hungry
The swag drip from the dog is unreal
This photo is the epitome of “if dogs looks like their owners” !!!
I'm jealous of how photogenic that dog is
No one else gonna mention the size of the rock on that ring?
He looks so proud!!!
so cute <3
Oh my😍
He's the dad.
That's quite the wiener!
This is so adorable! They bizarrely look alike? It's cute :D
So sweet 💓
You must be so happy. This is a beautiful picture, congratulations. I wish you and your family the very best.
How do they have the exact same expression on their face tho

It's adorable. All the best to your beautiful family!
Shit, most Americans need to get a dog
as he should be
Home, sweet home.
Omg. Kiss all those beautiful faces and congratulations on the new addition!
I hope my good girl will be this sweet and love her little sister and not be too jealous, due in 2 weeks!
I love dachshunds
I love wieners.  I have two at home and they are the sweetest dogs I have had the pleasure of raising.
I love this.  And the fact that the dog is a dox, is such a bonus.
He's one photogenic pupper!
Dachsunds are such weird little dogs, I love them a lot.

Ex-girlfriend's Dad used to breed them.  Cheap prick never offered us one.  

:(
Your wife and dog have the same smile .
Congratulations, beautiful family❤️!
Dog looks a lot like wife... Just saying
Pup looks like an experienced photo bomber.
Because dachshunds are the BEST <);:::::::::::::;’
I think he might think he’s the father.
what a beautiful familiy.
Really is! And that doggo will protect on everything that may harm to your baby.
That dog is so cute and great dapple coat.
Awwww
You look like gru’s wife.
Is that izzy
Very sweet,😍
This is a great photo, and it's just asking for a face swap.
THE DOG IS SMILING
This is sooo cuteee
When my fiancee and I finally get Rouns to having kids I hope our dog is this loving. Right now she is a jealous bitch.
That dogs eyes are saying "that's right...that's my little human baby"
How cute is that? Awww
I love how dogs *know*
That dog a proud four legged Big Bro.
That dog looks so human, adorable, or am I just transporting human feelings onto the dog? I love this foto :D
I have your dog's doppelganger.  Her name is Ella Mae.
I think the dog looks proud. Like low-key proud.
And he knows he is.
Them people that look like there pets. <3
Is it just me or do they have the same lop sided smile 😏
It’s too funny how proud he looks in this picture.
That dog is so loyal to his owner. That’s amazing.
That smile, though!
I can see the family resemblance.
Lol I think the dog is probably just jealous :)
They look related somehow
He looks what I would imagine snoop dog would look like if he was an actual dog
You have an adorable family.
Omg you need to frame this! Priceless
My dox LOVESSSS little babies
Is the dog female?
Awww
He looks like a person that just kinda photobombed, leaning in with his side eye and smirk
The dog looks proud!! The baby and the dog are both beautiful!!
I like how it looks like the dog is posing as well.
The dog looks like such a proud uncle- you see that- that's MY boy! 🌝
Why does it look like they are making the same smile?
How is he posing so perfect
I give it about an hour before this photo is trending on r/photoshopbattles
I feel like I've seen him before. Does he have a big slinky part in the middle?
Animals ( dogs in particular) know that a baby is part his or her pack and guard them .
Very photogenic dog!
I like how it looks like the dog was the one who wanted to take the picture.
They have the same smile lol
My dog liked to lay on my belly when i was pregnant. She doesn’t do it otherwise... she just knew!
You got a Mickey Sumner look to you
Nobody messes with the doggo.
1) CONGRATULATIONS!!! A little unsolicited parenting advice - Live in the moment, enjoy every second. Don’t yearn for what’s gone and don’t hope for what’s to come. Today flies and tomorrow comes fast.

2) that doggo is a hero!
Awww. Good boy! And congrats to all 4 of you.
Wife & dog look alike in a cute way.
The dog feels like your son
The coy expression is getting me😂
It’s a dachshund thing...
My first was just born a week ago today, and I don't have the energy to dress him when we're just at home. Kids are messy, as it turns out.
Amazing! Look at that little smile of his! He looks so proud 😍😍
That dogs one cool cat.
I do believe he’s actually proud!  What an expression!
Both your wife and the dog have the same smile. Same dimple and everything.
Smeagle
That dog looks like it consciously tried to pose for that pic
His face ! He knows he’s posing!
Wife and the dog look alike.  I don’t mean that in a bad way.
I wouldn’t leave those milkers either
Hope you let all your pets sniff him first. Hes part of the pack now
Can i borrow that soup book
I have a silver dapple wiener as well!  He was... not as thrilled when baby was born.   Constantly stole his blankets.
such a wiener dog thing to do. and wiener dog look. I miss my wiener.
My doxie is very protective of the kids. He will gnaw your ankles if he thinks you're threatening them. He also jumped into the pool one day after one of them. It was then I learned that this particular dog sinks like a stone. I had to jump in after him. They are really good family dogs, although some may be ill tempered.
He looks so proud love the dog
That's one handsome hound you got there. Lovely family.
Looks like a proud father.
So I’ve got a Dachshund and my GF and I have wondered what he’d be like with kids let alone a newborn. They’re territorial nutty little things. But this picture is pretty comforting and heartwarming to see.
More like, “don’t forget about me!”
This gave me a positive vibe as soon as I looked!
Lol
I've never in my life seen such a perfect example of dogs looking like their people.
Your wife and dog look identical lmao, she's a real "Bowser"
When people say that pets always look like their owners, I’ve always found it to be true! I mean, my dog looks like my dad lol. Cute!
Your wife has a beautiful smile
not tryin to be mean, if the dog was human or if she was a dog that’s how they’d look. Smirk, ears, snout. Eerily similar
My dog hates my baby 😔
You look like k.flay
Wow that dog is a mad lad for ducking your wife
He looks soooo pleased.
Congrats on the twins!
Such a wholesome picture
I have two dogs. Two very cute dogs. That's the cutest dog I've ever seen by a wide margin.
Older brother is such a goodboi!  Give him pets for protecting mom and baby!
he looks more resentful than proud lol  :-p
Ohhhh I just love his lil paws crossed over like that! I'd definitely call that a business casual stance. He takes his job seriously.
How can that dog be so photogenic?
“Put the damn phone down Jared we’re listening to the baby”
Your dog looks like snoop dogg
Awe!!!
*”Don’t give him the baby, he might drop it.”*
Resource guarding isn't cute but ok
Dachshunds are very photogenic. It runs in the family.
Dinner!
He's jealous and waiting for a snack!!
He knows it’s a sensitive time ❤️
Cute picture
Is that a really big baby or a small mom?
You look like [dobbie](https://vignette4.wikia.nocookie.net/peepshow/images/8/82/Dobby.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20131125201106) from peep show.
Is that his coloring or is he just an older pup?
The expression on his face is adorable
He's smiling!
Hof
You do realize that the dog is a different species and hence not a big brother?
This is pure "picture on the wall forever" material if I've ever seen one!
Dog and wife almost look related somehow - neither one is ugly by any means, just, strangely similar.

I hope that didn't sound too rude :P
"brother"...
Pretty sure that's the dogs wife and baby now
tfw you realize your child may never be as good a model as Mom and pup
What are you doing step bro?
He's proud of his new human!
Congrats on the little one! That’s a very good dog :)
It's scary how human looking the dog is. I feel strange about it.
They say dogs look like their owners
That little doggie may be small enough to pick up and shove in your gym bag, but I bet he's hovering around so he can be protective and ward off predators. He has most likely appointed himself as Head of Security.
Your dog looks like the canine version of your wife
Hes a good boi
Sweethearts are who dogs and cats prove to be.  🐝🧡
Nobody’s said it yet but your wife’s skin is incredible. Must be that new baby glow!
He smiling
People who look like their dogs
Fellow new parent here, congratulations, hopefully this picture is old, and your're also a parent in the pandemic, but most importantly how does your wife look like she had a good night's sleep???
Look at that face🥰
Beautiful family!
That’s my cousin! ❤️❤️❤️❤️
What a photogenic family
Dachshund proud? No way, more like jealous 😂
Your dog and your wife look similar in an uncanny way.
Awww your wife is really pretty! You have an adorable family!
I love how dogs become self-appointed guardians for new borns. Whenever my baby nephew would spend the night at my place, my dogs would relocate to his nursery and guard the door from anyone save his parents or myself.
My dog chico would follow my wife everywhere.  Two or two hundred steps it didn't matter. He would bring her his bones and treats. He would watch the twins sleep and give them good blankets and try to cuddle then every so gently. 

He really is my second son. He's a terrible dog but a very good boy.
You have a beautiful family! Lucky
That look on his face: "Who's the bestest big brudder? I is." 🤣
If you mashed up the faces of his wife and the dog, I'm reasonably sure you'd end up with Dobby the house elf.
The way they both have the same look
It looks like he's leaning in for the photo. I swear dogs have evolved to know what a camera is LOL
He knows he didn’t have anything to with making your son, right?
My schnauzer did this. 


Then...the dead things came. 

Dead squirrels. 

Headless birds. 

All calmly presented for our new child.
That is a very modelesque pup! He looks so proud. Congrats on the new addition :)
He look like snoop dog
That’s a lovely family ya got there bud! Congrats!
Pupper has adopted the baby and it is now his baby.
His face looks like you just interrupted him having a conversation about how cute his bro is. That smile.
She looks like the dog
Your wife and the dog look alike in a cute way (not in a mean way)
Love that he’s smiling..
".....what are *you* looking at Steve...."
Dogs who look like their owners
They have the same eyes
Brings a smile to my face.
Love the smile haha. He really does look proud af.
We have a dachshund and she is very protective of our youngest daughter.
I mean this in a respectful way, your wife is a smoke show.
Ooooooooooo i love baby
Bassett Hound or is it a Dachshund?
...baby don’t kick the baby*
She looks like Lucy from despicable me.
Cutest thing!!!
“You see how cute that baby is?”
Your wife and the dog Resemble
The dog is the father that's why
They all look related, strangely.
This confirms my belief that dogs understand what kind of people are children and will protect said children
He's still THE Baby
C'est quoi ce rat de ces morts ?
hahahahhaha
This should be submitted for r/psbattles
Look at his wholesome smile!
Congrats OP! My dog that I have had since before my wife and I got together (12 years now), who never leaves my side, has been attached to my wife's hip since we got back from vacation. Lo and behold we discovered she is pregnant!
Nothing warms my heart more than pets being one of the pack and protecting newborn babies.
Awwwwe. Both babies are so cute. What’re their names?
Everybody is so cute in this picture! Pretty family!
That's look the dog from secret life of pets
typical dachshund behavior.  As far as he/she is concerned, that is his/her child too.
 “How do you know he’s not just planing for the attack?”


(I’m sorry)
awwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww! That doggie is SMILING! <3
That is what I call the best mans friend
House is too clean for a newborn!
Adorable,
Love the pic on your wall of the Dachshund. You really love your dog. Congratulations on a beautiful baby.
❤️💕❤️
Jealous of the new puppy.  :)
Look at that Doxie lovingly posing with his fam ♥️ Congratulations!
That little side eye like “check me out, this is my baby” I love it!
The dog is smiling :-)
Looks like he's guarding
Bro you might wanna check if that kid is yours, something is up with that dog.
Cute dog. Terrible haircut
Dapple dachshunds are the best!
"That's my dog" Smokey....
Your wife looks like Dobby from Peep Show.
look at that smile heh... <3 <3
Dobby
Ahh newborns and the noises they make. I’m sure doggy kinks head to the side very often these days
Lol that pic is perfect
Look at that smug grin
Aww hes protective and proud
Aw cute! Congrats
No disrespect intended, but you know that thing they say about dogs that look like their owners...
We used to have a pup just like that but had to give it away. We kept the father until he died 3 years ago. I hope the pup we gave away is doing well. Thanks for the share!
My heart! 🥰 congrats on the new bundle of joy, absolutely precious!
he is protecting the princess
They look alike
Honestly I’d trust that dog with anyone’s life. You got a good bodyguard!
My family had a dachshund when I was born. They said he watched over me like a hawk.
This sweet baby is alert and content in this photo. Baby looks well cared for by Mom, Doggie and you too, Dad. Also, Mom looks happy and content thanks to all. ❤️🌺🌹💕
❤️🐶❤️🐶❤️🐶
Doxies are the masters of side eye.
What a beautiful family
That is a very smug looking boi!
Your wife and the dog look very happy together.
Aww!!
MY little hooman!
What a priceless photo!
Your wife reminds me of a young Barbara Streisand. Your dog reminds me of a hot dog.
Dobby
He's like "I want in."
Snoop Dogg
Congrats on the baby and looking exactly like Dobbie from Peep Show!
You’re dapple is very handsome. Reminds me of my Dexter.
You two look alike
Dog says " our baby "
Typical dachshund, have always had one in my family.
The dog and the wife are making the same face
This is adorable... but...

Your wife kinda looks like a female Trevor Wallace.
Aw he has his moms smile!
Holy cow, your entire family is so wholesome! I love this picture so much.
both serving you the same look
Doxies are the best!
He’s so proud
He is a good boy too
Your wife and dog look quite similar.
What a good picture.  The dog 😅😅.🖤🖤
So precious 😍
Your wife looks like your dog, creepy stuff!
That look and grim is suspicious though.
Is that a dachshund
Baby doesn't have dimples yet. Too bad . So sweet anyways!
Congratulations. Are (older) dog loved the infant in the house but has developed a bit of an eye roll as she has come a toddler
Dobby from Peep Show.
He’s totally leaning into the photo!!!
So cute, congrats!
Your wife looks like a Gelfling from Dark Crystal. I mean this in the nicest way possible.
Digs like heyyyy
Love that doggo leaned in for the picture.
Congratulations on the new baby, the doggos pose is everything in this picture. Should definitely have this one printed out beautiful family.
Surprising lack of Snoop Dog comparisons
That a wiener healer?
Jealous older brother*
Don't take this the wrong way, but you dog and your wife look alike and are even striking the same pose, smile and all!
I can relate! I had a baby this year and one of our dogs who practically used to be my husband's shadow, now sticks with me and baby. Me and said dog haven't always gotten along but it all changed when I got pregnant. It's pretty sweet!
All I can see is that the dog looks like the lady and the lady looks like the dog.
Both the wife and the dog look like they hid a turd you're going to find later.
Priceless!
ppl seem to get dogs that resemble themselves. I'm not trying to say she looks like a god, but there are some similarities between the dog and her.
Nice face swap!
I've never seen a dog with such human - looking eyes.
Your dog looks like snoop dog
That dog is super photogenic.
It’s so interesting how owners and their dogs can look a like. I find the resemblance uncanny.
Doggo protecc
The look on his face tho
# ganggang
Maybe more like jealous.
Your wife is beautiful
Or proud father
He’s all, “WE have a baby now!” 😍😂🥰
Good dog
Hate to break it to you.. But odds are just as high that rhe dog is jealous.
Omggggg the pose 😭😭
This is so freaking cute omg
Everything and everyone is cute
Yeah pupper realizes he's not numero uno anymore and is like WTF, don't forget about me.
 Nice
Puppers gotsta protecc.
Dogs like "thas my baybay"
I love that dachshund print in the background!
Dog must be thinking, "Another small and useless one like me. Perfect."
A good old fashion case of jealousy!
Your family is super cute, congrats on the little one!
Awwww!  Sweet pup!
What a sweet little family you have there 😊
Your dog and wife look similar!
Look at the little face.  He is so proud
Dachshunds are the best.
I love that smile on the dog’s face.
As the owner of a dachshund I am convinced this dachshund is just trying to shore up his place in the line for affection. Masters of the side eye.
or jelous
He has her nose 👃🏼
Dogs look like their owners and I can now say that with proof.
Dachshunds are the best. Longhairs are even better.
They do say dogs look like their owner, this proves it for me (No offence)
Or father
Your wife looks like Isy Suttie...unless it IS?
I have the same onsie for my newborn!
He's waiting for his chance to get a snack
Congratulations
Perfect example of “dogs who look like their owners”. Your wife is beautiful, congratulations on the baby 🥰
Maybe he's the father
How... Does this dog... Look like your wife?
Low key he kind of looks like OP's wife lol
That’s a nice wiener you have there

I want to touch it
real life version of mask 2
That is precious!
First of all, congrats on your new baby!

Honestly, I think he looks a bit tense. The direct eye contact expresses dominance, his left eye even expresses that he's unsure. What we would interpret as a smile in humans is, in this case, tenseness around the mouth. The fact that he hasn't left their side is really cute, as long as he leaves it at that, just wanting to be near them. But if a dog comes to think that it's the pack leader and that it posseses the child, it could end with the dog not allowing you or others to approach the baby. It could start biting family and friends who try to interact with the child, and unintentionally hurt them in the process.

I'm not saying that this is the case now, it's adorable that he wants to be near the baby. I'm just suggesting to keep an eye on things, to be 100% sure that his attachment doesn't turn into undesirable territorial behavior.
Don’t take this the wrong way but your wife looks like a beautiful Marcus Parks.
Which one is the human baby?
My first dog was the exact opposite.
When he sniffed out mom was pregnant with me, he never slept at the foot of their bed again.
Dogs are the best
Bold of you to say the dogs a brother...
r/accidentalrenaissance
The guardian knows his place
Has anyone posted this to photoshop battles yet ? Because it belongs there
How ferocious.
Dog: "I am the father now" :)
The dog looks very proud, congratulationss!
Love how he’s posing like Mr Smithers
The daschund we had did the same thing
HE LOOKS SO PROUD OF HER
Aww beautiful pic congrats dog!
Nose
He reminds me of the Slinky Dog from Toy Story
He’s just thinking “I’ve been protecting that little ape for months already not about to stop now”

My sil is expecting next months... both of their dogs are attached to her. Everywhere she goes they follow. She takes a nap out back? They’re laying next to her.. they know.
Those matching smiles... what a cute family!
My favorite part is how much your wife and your dog resemble each other. Dogs take after their owners, I’m telling y’all it’s true.
That doggie looks so proud of his new baby :)
Have you by chance ever made a Blurb book? 🤔
I LOVE THIS!  Your dogs facial expression is so relatable. 

It is as if he/she is saying "the baby has made us all pretty exhausted but, the whole thing is so beautiful and exciting, I just feel so proud and content"
A bit of Dobby blood in mom (from Peep Show, not Harry Potter)
"Finally, some good fucking food"
Or he tries to make sure to have spot #3 in the pack.
From one girl to another, her hair looks amazing.
"Look what we made guys..."
Congratulations on your beautiful family!
he looks scared out of his mind
That is a photogenic ass dog.
THEY LOOK THE SAME
He's posing like a human that is without doubt the most beautiful dog picture i have ever seing, and im not a dog person
Doxies are the best dogs!!
I'm tripping at how the dog is actually posing!
All the missing from the dog is finger guns
I'm thinking that's more like sibling rivalry.  It looks like the dog is following the old maxim keep your friends close, and your enemies even closer.
That’s nice....when we had our son, our cat started peeing on all the furniture. He was also photogenic, but did not care to pose with the baby.
Dogs understand what babies are, and know how much they mean to us. And as loyal bffs, they help us protec
Congrats!!!
He's the bestest good boy big brother!
Nah just waiting for you to stop guarding his dinner
/r/ownerswholookliketheirdogs
Great photo! Your dog definitely looks proud!!!
That pic is adorable!
Snoop Dogg never-seen-before pics with his family
in the most respectful way i can say this, ur dog and wife look the exact same.
I love how the dog and mum look alike. So cute
That cute smile
We don’t deserve dogs❤️
Congratulations 🎉 
Pup is behaving quit normal ☺️
Maybe he thinks it‘s his child?
He's just jealous
OMG, the perfect picture.
He's beaming!
Congratulations on your baby! He’s a cutie! And so is the dog, who looks so proud!
You mean proud father
My dachshund was the same way when my youngest daughter was born
You look just like your dog
Love the side eye.
He's got your wife's smile. The baby must look more like you.
I love the look on that dog's face- it's not an emotion but it is so cute. Congrats on the not dog, dog sized human too!
There is nothing better than being side eyed by a weenie dog.
U see it from his eyes. Evident. ❤️🌺
Nice family pic! 🥰❤️😍
HOW HE POSING FOR DA CAMERA THO WOT
I see a strong resemblance in the smile
That’s a pretty serious looking doggo. Congrats on the birth. Healthy looking baby there, just keep an eye on that doggo. He’s intense.
I went to college with her! Congrats on the baby :)
Nice doggie smile! 😄
This Dachshund looks so much like one I used to have. 😢 Take good care of them
You know how they say people look like their pets..
The dog looks like he could be snoop dogg’s brother
I miss when my tiny humans were babies like that.
Looks like he is the dad tbh

But even if... sweet picture
How PRECIOUS
Upvote for good dog
Same lovely eyes
Owners and their dogs really do look alike!
Your wife and dog have the same expression
Doxies are the best!
He want to make sure he won’t lose his spot 🐶
i like this cute dogo face it look like snop dog for real
That is such an adorable picture. Also the look on the dogs face is amazing :))
Hey!! Look at that! Congrats to you guys on such a cute pup!!
How is that his older brother? Baby looks fresh outta da oven
Maaaan, how is the dog smiling?!!
thank you bro, very sublime [our site](https://petcare4all.com/dogs/can-dogs-eat-pretzels/) We love to use dogs alot ;)
Everybody else:so cute 
Me thinking:the wife looks like lucy wilde from despicable me
Wait, so if that’s your baby and the dog is his brother, does that mean your a dog?
I mean this in a far nicer way than it's going to sound but your wife's face resembles a pretty version of your dog.
Dog's are straight up the best, our rottie puppy LOVES little kids and babies. She rolls over for them and is super gentle and sweet. It's awesome to see how much they understand without having to be told.
I love how he’s leaning in for the picture and smiling! This is the best thing I’ve seen all day!
A bit of topic, but does your wife by chance have German/Polish ancestry? She looks like she could be my aunt's (younger) twin sister.
Dude your wife looks like dobby from the peep show...
He’s jealous.
r/animalsbeingbros
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
The warmth in their eyes says “happy parents” 😊
I come here to see pets not ugly people
H*ckin photogenic too, the handsome rascal
They both literally have the same smile. Its like theyre saying "oh your in trouble now".
> since the baby arrived

From where did the child travel? It's very nice of you to help a traveler in need. Where is it going next?
Your wife looks like a troll face meme.
Whered you get that cute orange shirt for your dog?
My faith in 2020 has be restored
"older brother"

I love animals and I love pets but come on dude.
[deleted]
Your dog is not your child’s brother. It’s your pet. You are not a doggy daddy because, in case you hadn’t noticed, you aren’t a dog, neither is your wife.

You do have an incredibly cool looking dog, though.
Any dog around a baby is dangerous!  The dog is not a person and this is not cute
I am going to hell for this....which one is the~~~~~~~~
Ah, so lovely a family. Your dog’s behavior contrasts so much with what my poor grandson experienced—two giant clumsy dogs without much control of themselves even around the newborn baby. My grandson survived without damage, though I was really worried. Enjoy this time! ♥️
r/justfuckmyshitup
He wants to eat the baby
He protec he lie next to u but most importantly he a good boy
People. Dogs arent family members. Theyre pets.
To be a real feminist she show a picture breast feeding.
[removed]
Which one is the wife?
More like he's just jealous. Now that you have a real child you can get rid of the 4 legged shitbeast.
Or he’s waiting to eat it
Im sorry to hear things didn’t work out after having your love child with a dachshund. But it’s good that you went back to breeding with humans! 
-Let’s stop personification
[removed]
Your doggy has a People Puppy to Protecc now.

And woe unto whomever threatens the People Puppy, for Doggo will become 700 pounds and homicidal.
It’s his breed
