The dog is participating with the air of an exhausted father indulging a toddler.

"Well, at least it keeps him quiet."
That **crisp** high five at the end tho
Good doggy! :)
while my little doge eats his own poop
That little high five at the end just makes it!
A support dog... For his handicap.
The most relaxing thing about owning a dog:

You can screw up basically everything in your life and your dog will look at you like you are some kind of superhero
Air Bud: Under Paw-r. In theatres this Christmas!
i am the dog n this my man,

am helping him the best i can

he take his time n hit the ball

(is s'pose to roll to hole n fall...)

n so i stand n referee

(he knows that he can count on me :@)

the ball it comes *so close* here, but

he needs my help to do the putt

i lift it up, so careful me

n drop it where it's s'pose to be 

i much prefer a tennis ball

i *chase* it as i watch it fall 

when we done here, i'll fetch, i know

is then My rules:

No take, just *throw!*

❤️
Hole in One pupper!!
What is my purpose?
You put the ball in the hole.
Oh...my, god.
Solid golf commentary
The dog just has no idea what’s happening but she sees her owner celebrating and she’s just down with it. Dogs are wonderful creatures and they must be cherished.
That is amazing
OK, OK, OK, OMG THE HIGH FIVE
I didn’t think service dogs were meant for this kind of handicap.
The best kind of caddy
This lil man is all grown up, I guess. 

https://youtu.be/y0opboUtWP8
Used a putter and a “dog wood” on that hole.
Uh oh, Happy learned how to putt putt.
There is nothing in the rule books that say a dog can't golf!
That’s what we in golf call a holy retriever. As long as you don’t touch your own ball it still counts. 🤷‍♂️
It’s in the hole!!!!
Doggo does a double check. Yep, ball is secured.
Be careful bud my aunt lost a golden. He choked on a racquet ball and they’re bigger than golf balls.
omg that is so darn cute
Afterwards the dog is like “Geeze, my human is so easily entertained. How cute.”
I work at a golf shop. I know the idea I'm pushing forever now...putter section canine assistance.
Loving the high five - perfectly executed
Best boye
That smile on the doggo at the end OMG
So the dog did not slobber on the ball on the way to bringing it. That is the story. Okay so long as we keep the story lines in sink. 😊
And the little tail wag at the end!
He's a little confused but he's got the spirit.
Teamwork makes the dream work!
When you miss so much putts that even the doggo helps you out😂
Poor dog is like, "can we go for that walk now??"
When you go to SuperCuts for a fade
Really makes the dream work!
Hi 5. @ end does it!!!
Can I please borrow your dog for my league play this afternoon?
Is that play legal?
That would be the only way I could make the hole!  I need to train my doggy and take her when I play putt putt.
i swear golden retrievers are human trapped in a dogs body
i swear golden retrievers are human trapped in a dogs body
Nothing is happier than a pupper with a purpose.
That's what you need from a caddy
Awww
What a helpful dog
More like teambork amirite
Fuck me, I love this sub
Team work makes the dream work!
Followinf him after like...."wheres my treat?".
r/dogswithjobs
Makes the dream work...
This made my day
Good boi
The high five at the end ❤️
Is that a handicap dog?
Mulligan is such a good boy. ;)
Best caddy ever!
Team work make a dream work
Das a good doggo
I need this pup as my caddy!!
What a cliffhanger!! Damn bro!!
/u/vredditshare
Birdie-dog!
Your 19th hole establishment is now serving kibbles and treats for your four-legged caddie.
So , this is why i suck at golf. I don't have a dog.
YES HOLE IN ONE! 👐
GOOD DOG
"calm down bill." - Dog probably.
A golf ball can be easily swallowed.  Not the greatest idea.
That dog should get a green jacket!
The dog had the look of, “I love my human. That’s why I let him try before I put it in for him. Putting the ball in hole Is a simple task, but my human struggles with the iron wacker.”
Checkmate
Tiger Woods' true golf secret was always his loyal golden retriever.
I can spot a quarantine haircut from a mile away.
Always good to have a friend in the ruff
After doggo was like,
Can we go for a walk now.
lol I know dogs that would see that green turf and take a massive dump
My man has the DIY pandemic fade going.
Teambork.
Team work makes the dream work.
Guy showed a lot of excitement and Expected dog to jump in excitement only for it to seem less enthused and confused. Still cute though
[removed]
What a Bud
I would 100% watch this sport.
If a dog runs onto a golf course and does this (say, at a PGA tour), does it count?
my golden would have ate that ball lol
Haha that dog is fuckin great real great
You forgot my treat.
There’s nothing in the rules that says a dog biting the ball counts as a stroke
Best boi
Cute!
Tiger Woof
I love his reaction!
Now that’s an emotional support dog.
Anyone else thought the dog was gonna use their foot to tap it in as it was coming?

Still very wholesome though and a treat to watch
Better be buying that ball and putter....
She is adorable!!
Just from this short video I can see that they are each other’s best friends
There’s no rule that says dogs can’t play golf.
Best boy!
Love it 😍
Doggo is happy to help.
When I watched this, I made a whole story up in my head that this dog belongs to a man who owns a sports equipment store and trained his dog to sit in the golf department and do this while customers try out their putters.  I also imagine that he is the most successful salesman the owners has.
"...learn how to throw a tennis ball and let me keep it, but you still throw it again and *then* I'll be impressed."
Dogs are the best thing on this planet
Emotional support dog for sure!
Nice shoes man
nice teamplay.
Aww how happy the dog is at the end <3
His name is Tiger Woofs.
when do i get to eat the birdi
That hole ends with a dogleg left.
That's fucking team work!!
I need a friend like this. Dog also gave a high five man, COOL!
Thank you for putting a smile on my face.
That’s a widebody Doggo. Check out the stance!
This is the best video I’ve seen in a while. Thank you!
Homeboy’s barber did him dirty with that fade.
Team-bork
This putter dog combo will literally take strokes off of your game.
Golf Town employees are starting to get really bored at work.
Im here for this content
Teamwork makes the Dreamwork they say.
How to win a scramble 101
The dog can help with the putt but can he help with that haircut?
Good doggo
Makes the dream work
Teamwork makes the dream work!
There ain't no rule in the book says a dog can't put the ball in the hole for you!
Goodest boyyyy
Alley boop
What a good boi
r/animalsbeingbros
Aww
Looks like a perfectly legal hole in one to me.
Ellie choked on a golfball...
Did nobody notice the "little woof to right, going to move quick" line? I thought that was pretty good.
This just brought a smile on my face. Thank you for sharing this.
u/vredditshare
It’s not cheating.
Brooooooo
"It's going to roll a little woof to right" made me literally laugh out loud!!
Okay, that was amazing!
/u/vredditshare
You fuckin’ winner
🍑
That smile tho
/u/vredditshare
Thats so cute😍
u/vredditshare
Now THAT is a good dog.
Good boi
"That's a gimme... a treat."
/u/vredditshare
More like teambork
Awww good baby hehe💖
Teaching a dog how to cheat.🤷‍♀️ That’s shameful good sir.😆
Lol the doggo couldn’t be prouder
You could see the wheels turning in dogs head "okay boss, we did your totally pointless game.  Can we go home now?"
His name is: golden woods
He doesn't understand why, but he's happy to do it ☺
u/vredditshare https://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/i7uwmm/teamwork/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share
Hole in one!
Was anyone expecting the dog to hit it in with his tail?
Cute!!!!!!!! 🐶
Hes practicing his... pup.
This does not count as cheating, this is not cheating at all.
Nobody said doggos cant help
Best support you can get
Good job by the golden. Guy's putting stroke could use some work though. Get that index finger off the shaft for one.
If this was a legit sport I would do everything financially possible to support it.
That still only counts as one!
The high five is my favorite part
At first I thought he was gonna eat it!
Good job taking care of your hooman!!!!
Who’s a Good Boy!?!
If golf was a human-dog team sport it might actually be watchable rather than simply immensely boring and ultimately pointless.
The dog just looks like: Why ball in hole?
All I get is a high paw? Where's my treat?
Is that a golf room 👀
Idk why I thought the dog was going to eat the ball
Teamwork makes the Dreamwork they say.
The dog just has no idea what’s happening but she sees her owner celebrating and she’s just happy with it. Dogs are wonderful creatures and they must be cherished.
What’s that thing on his putter?
Does that doggo have bad hips, looks hard for him to walk.
Does it count when the dog cheats?
The coolest part of that was the high five and that’s saying something
So this video started off cute but that high five propelled it to cutest video of all time
The dog does this in the laziest and slowest fashion like he's not at all interested in this game
Seems perfectly legal to me.  u/vladgrinch should go on the PGA tour.
Quite possibly the greatest thing I’ve ever seen
The GOODEST boy.
We need more owner and human team sports on ESPN, stat!
Puppy thinking, "What's all the fuss?"
Upvoting just for the high five...
It’s Pup-ulligan Located at a Golf Galaxy near you!
South Paw
Teamwork makes the dream work.
What a good boi
It’s the high five for me
The high-five tho
I want that dog really bad 😭
Its the high five for me
The dog is like his parent acting like he didn't just do it his/herself. Got to boost your humans confidence sometimes.
Not gonna lie that was an extremely shitty putt
Everyone one should have a Labrador at least once in their life. *yes, I know it’s a Retriever*
This pup has no idea what’s going on, but is just happy to be there.
The best team you'll ever see😍
Barks Koepka
I call challenge
Why is this front page? It’s extremely easy to teach a dog to put a ball in a hole.
Dog be like.. He's happy I'm happy.. High 5 let's go..
If only I had someone to assist me in my phuck ups, that would be cool lol
This is awesome!!
God, I love dogs.
Teamwork makes the Dream work
Canine Caddy
Who's a good boy?
"Can I have treats now hooman?"
That was a trash putt tho let's not forget
What if that dog misses, BUT THEN A SECOND DOG COMES IN AND SCORES THE HOLE
Go team go :)
He gives more accurate high fives than I do
Was that the lock picking lawyers voice ?
Thats a Good boy!
The best thing in my week, maybe life actually.
[r/MusicalShorts/](https://old.reddit.com/r/MusicalShorts/)
I need this dog to help me golf.
teamwork!
That's a gimmie.
So cute.
This all fun and games until you realize that the GPA counts any animal interference as “Acts of God.”

.....you all ever see a 1-hole on a par 5?
The way the doggo smiles at the end just makes my day!
/r/PolitePets
... Makes the dream work! Lol! So cute!
Way to keep your strokes to a minimum!
“I did it, hank!”
People who hate this are just STUPID
This reminds me of my friends golden retriever black lab chow mix
gotta keep my hooman happy boss
Doggo name is Mulligan
That would improve my handicap.
[removed]
That hi five tho
I call it a hole in one.
[removed]
This is adorable!  Best dog ever!
This post has 105 awards (as of writing) and none of them give you premium or coins
If golf was really like this I’d be a huge fan
That announcer is crispy AF. Get him a gig announcing fr
I LOVE YOUR DOG
Dog exists

Ball goes towards dog

Dog activated
https://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/8gzuqu/this_pupper_is_happy_to_help_out_on_the_golf/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf
Best caddie ever!
Why are you wearing a mask indoors? TF??
