*CODE ACCEPTED, FRIENDLINESS PROTOCOL ACTIVATED*
And apparently the 4th unlocks the "cmon, dont push it" expression
And 400 reposts unlock 2500 karma
they fell for the pit bull meme
I've seen this before did you post it on another sub?
At the risk of raining on the parade: 

Generally speaking, dogs don't like this. Being poked in the face is unpleasant for dogs too, and their nose is particularly sensitive. They might put up with it more than a person would, but that doesn't mean they like it. See how he tries to avoid it a couple times?
[deleted]
I swear ive seen this 60 times on this sub
100 awards for the same fucking post every week
Incredible how many people in this thread willing to insult others because they would rather give a dog the benefit of the doubt. Y'all need therapy and some loving parents
i still doubt that's a smile
I swear I see this post once a week.
my dog came in panting and i thought i had the sound and was freaked out tryna figure where it was coming from
.
Eat your face
Dogs smile with their tails, they don't smile with their mouth... sorry to say this.

When the dog opens it's skin around his mouth like that, that's not a smile. That's him breathing heavier.
2 boops makes it possessed by a demon
Why are pit bulls so upvoted here
Three boops unlocks a child ripped to shreds
It's not smiling. It's panting. You're anthropomorphising an animal for no reason.
Love this so much
Oh my god. Gorgeous pup.
BuT tHiS bReEd oF dOg iS So dAnGeRoUs
Reposted so many times you karma w*ore
Boop #4 unlocked a *suspicious* smile. The next one will make it rip your head off.
See, this is how a pitbulls ears are supposed to look! They should not be cropped!
[deleted]
5 boops unleashes hell
Nice karma farming. Another one for the bank.
This isn't a smile you dork
Whenever I see these kinds of posts, all I can think of is [this](https://imgur.com/gallery/gp0ODTd)
Pretty sure I’ve seen this before
They look so happy when they are not biting children !
One boop away from a horrible accident  and a severed hand.
[removed]
Keep booping and see what good lil pitty does
I would not try that with this dog
Pit bull??? Arnt they a bad dog choice?? From what I heard they are aggressive and need to be out in a cage
[removed]
1. This gets posted weekly

2. Pitbulls are gross and vicious

3. Fuck this piece of shit dog breed and the trash that own them
5 boops means no hand
Must be a different game... one boop got me a bite..
[removed]
r/velvethippos approves
*4 boops*

good boy in question: idk
I love it. I needed that!
Th is is beautiful, I’ve been staring at this for five hours now
Does anyone know what kind of pitpull that is?
More boops to the nose. The cuter this dog will look
Nawwww cutie booped pup
Adorable !!!
I might cry
THart's a really sweet dog and I love its smile!
[removed]
Dog hates it. You can tell.
If you boop it two more time it will activate predator mode on some kid.
No thanks on the pitbull stuff.
A friend of mine does that to guests at parties
Pitbulls, one of the most adorable yet strongest dogs alive
I’m glad to see awareness in the comments about the lethality of this breed. You should definitely NOT do this.
Five boops gets finger gnawed off
Inb4 post gets locked.
*CODE ACCEPTED, FRIENDLINESS PROTOCOL ACTIVATED*
People who have never been around pitbulls:  “They’re soulless killing machines!  Ban them!”

Pitbulls in reality:
Aww! Such a cute snoot, too.
[deleted]
Staffy Smile
Not this gif again. How many times are people gonna repost this? It's cute though
Boop on (boop boop)
I love pittbulls with all my heart but this isn’t a smile, don’t do that shit they don’t like it.
Wow. That’s a prance!
I used to boop my German Shepard’s nose all the time and she used to look at me with a confused look on her face. She was like, “Hooman, what are you doing?”
Frank and Maddie from state of survival pre-zombies
At this point in my life I can't even smile with this, I got on this sub because at least I could feel a little bit good for 10 seconds in my day, but now... I just can't
He looks like a Snapchat filter
I booped my son when he was born❤️🤭❤️
Amazing. Even though it's a repost, it gets dozens of awards and 100k upvotes.
nice repost
I read this and somehow my mind went to the “droop snoot” meme
Nice
Awwwwww
Hahaha, sort by controversial and look at all those banned comments. Mods don't want people mentioning this cute little pupperino had a 50/50 chance of biting the lady's hand off.
Please tell what kind of dog it is?
Saw this months ago it’s still one of my favorite things in the whole world
ah i love pittie smiles!! they’re so genuine and wholesome
70% of all pits attack a human and injure them in their lifetime. This usually occurs from ages 6.  

They are bred to fight.  The "nanny" dog of many years ago is long gone. 

If you own a pit, you are a bad person.  Seriously, you have a 300% higher chance of being a criminal.   Pits are bad dogs for bad people.

It is time to end the breed.
Damn, what a smile
[removed]
Such a gooooood boy! (Or girl) Where is his treat??!
That's one ugly piece of shit
what breed of dog is this ?
Double click for :D
Pitty smiles are the best smiles
Not to be overdramatic but I would do anything for this very cute and good pupper
I bet this dog hurt someone.
Two boops*
Ah yes, my hooman!!!

2 additional boops*
The fuck you doing girl?
It looks like a Snapchat tongue
Ah, that's adorable!
I love pit bulls. My aunt used to have a couple of surprisingly friendly ones. I used to hate that smile, but I grew to love that smile as I grew less afraid of them. The oldest passed away a few years ago, and this one reminds me of her when she was small. I just want to say, thank you for the nostalgia and wholesomeness. It really made my day.
I like dogs.
Doggo
So cute
The BEST smile on planet earth. The best.
Love that smile!!
I am saving this for a bad day
My cat likes 2 boops, too
What a beautiful pupper ❤️ this made me smile
Seeing that smile unlocked a little bit more joy for me.🐶😁
I can’t stop smiling looking at this 🥺
That nose wiggle.
u/repostsluethbot
My god she’s gorgeous
This is the most adorable thing I’ve seen in a while, thanks for making my day better!
Pitties have the best smiles.
Actually went “AWWW” out loud! 🐶😭🥰
Awww I’m going to die from the cuteness!!!
i miss my hippo :( RIP Thor
#BONK
Sweetheart!!
Awwww!  See, pitbulls aren't vicious!  (if treated right, that is)
Precious Pitti😍❤️
Nobody:
Dog: :D
it's weird how white dogs' teeth are
Oh my god that destroyed my brovaries.

Edit: Understandable have a good day.
Idk if I’ll ever own a pit, being partial to retriever and lab aesthetics. That being said, I love how pits smile. So damn adorable.
I’ve watched this about 50 times now and I am still now over how forkin’ adorable they are!!!
That is too cute for words. Oh my God!!!
.......and a wagging tail 😄
What a contagious smile 😍
🤗❤️
Repost...
Awww absolute beaut of a dog x
Such a pretty baby!!
Those eyes just get me every time.
Boop.

"Somethin' on my nose?"

Boop again.

*Cuteness detected in human. Deploying the feel good face.*
Absolutely Gorgeous, miss my staffy so much
Too precious!
legend says to this day he is still smiling for the depressed to be cured....
Super cute
When they tell you that pit bulls won’t win awards
I tried this on my dog.  It unlocked kisses.
Wow those are some pearly white dog teeth!!!
Another one and your face is off
Beautiful
[removed]
So beautiful
ive seen this so many times but it makes me happy every time
I love how when he taps twice again the dog is so confused as to what to do
Boop boop smile
Kind of dangerous to do this
Any dog that makes that face at me gets a tackle and all the scratches.
[deleted]
Yuck
I love staffies. They are very friendly dogs. My uncle and auntie and cousin has some staffies and they are caring animals.
Aaaaaw
Awh
Oh pupper I'll give u all da boops
Omg!! I want !! Lol
I really wish that there was more good stuff like this.
r/velvethippos
THE NOSE WIGGLE

Edit: why did i get -5 karma for this smh my head
Literally the most beautiful eyes I've ever seen on a dog. 

Just my personal preference.
Bootiful
He’s so loves you
My heart 😍
Beautiful Pitt, we adopted one in April and it's been a huge blessing in these quarantine times. She's such a great addition to our furry family, she gained two cat siblings
BuT tHeY aRe ViScIoUs KiLlInG mAcHiNeS
 And apparently the 4th unlocks the "cmon, dont push it" expression
Superb content!!!
this cured my depression.
uh oh you posted a dog that looks vaguely like a pitbull, be prepared for reddits army of man-childs to endlessly circlejerk about how they’re scared of a dog
Greatest thing I’ve seen all day❤️🐾
What breed is that
This cutie needs to feed with some in rewards for being cute
What a doll
You see, you just gotta double click!
So beautiful and how we are friends
Sooooooo adorable 🐶🐶🐶
The two extra hoops unlock the heart
In B4 Lock
Omg! She’s a doppelgänger for my pup! Is she a pit/mastiff mix?
What's with all of the Debbie Downers trolling r/aww lately? Anything with a pitbull/Staffordshire or claiming the dog is smiling (does it really matter if it really is or not!?) gets a visit from the grumpy army. Can't have one corner of Reddit without get shit on, can we?
😊
OMG! Can I give unlimited boops!? :D
To be that happy...
Yesss❤️😍
;; how sweet(:
Awww..that smile melts hearts
Thank you for this
Perfect! What a gorgeous smile!
Thank you for this. I love him
Those eyes speak "friendship" more fluent than I've ever heard!
Yeah beautiful smile.. that thing looks like Predator.
COBRAAAAAAA!!!
My heart has been unlocked
😍😍😍
Two micros transactions unlocks a case key - EA, 2020
Such a cutie
Yes, you may boop my snoot!
Made my day
Nice
Such a lovely pup! 💙
Pitties have the best smiles.
Beauty ❤️
Awwwwwwww
Achievement Unlocked! 100G

Boop the Snoot- Make the goodest of boys smile.
Boop
She/he is absolutely gorgeous
THAT PIT SMILE. IT’S SO CUTE.
That’s not a smile, that’s a pitbull’s malformed mutated mouth. Worse than pugs snouts
The inconsistency makes it less cute.
To my dog less than 3 meters of distance from him unlocks being bored in the hand
smile
What type of dog is that? I feel like I should know
r/rarepuppers
*squeal*
YOU CRACKED THE CODE, WE ARE FINALLY FREE!
Boop
Give that good dog a treat for me please
Pibble love
Honestly, what a change!  Holy crap!  I love it!
Haa
46%
Oh no the puppy kickers are back

Edit: thanks for confirming my doubts o brawnphobe hivemind
I click my tongue when I boop my pocket pit. And I ask her why her nose makes that sound. Been doing it for 6 years. I wonder if she’s sick of my shit yet.

I guess this offended people. Kiss my ass.
That is hilarious and beautiful! What a lovely smile. Makes my heart smile back.
Why do i feel after the second boop, the tongue's animated... No Offense OP
I’m waiting for it to get annoyed and rip your finger off
Can't wait for him to eat your whole family, just wait.
Insta is _frank_and_bonnie
r/velvethippos
Does this work on every model?
Pretty pup with a beautiful smile!!!
Beautiful
Adorable
Awwww
Big, beautiful Pitti smile!
BEST OMG LOVE.  ❤️
Pitties have the best smiles!!
[deleted]
I think Taylor taught him cunnilingus
2 fake books unlock troll face.
HOW TO TURN OFF?????
Man Reddit loves upvoting pit bulls almost as much as pictures of minorities and/or interracial couples doing nothing.
