Needs to be put on r/piratepets !
CHAMPION!
Your friend might want to check out some sort of wheelchair for him. A young dachshund might be ok now but they are so prone to back problems and a supporting wheelchair might help with that. 

A family friend got a super cool off-road one for his large dog with hip problems. The hip is supported but the hind legs still reach the ground. The difference is amazing. At home he gets around without it just fine. But now he can run around outside without pain!
At first gance he looked like a veteran dog that went through tough times
I hope they got a 25% discount.
Now you can tell everyone you have a 3 foot weiner.
I've always wanted to adopt a three legged dog, but don't want to go out of my way trying to find one. How awkward would it be to be the guy known for calling up shelters or rescues: "Do you have any three legged dogs?" AND then you have the compatibility issue, so when I do find one it might not even like me for whatever reason.
LIL BRUDDER!!!
This is really unfortunate. Dachshunds are already prone to back problems. This guy has a rough life in front of him.
He just looks so courageous and steadfast.
he only have three leg and he stand anyway such cuteness very strong 100/10 dog
And so I name thee Tripod
Hi everyone! 

THIS IS MY PUPPY MICKEY!!!! 

I adopted him just over a month ago - his leg was amputated as it was severely deformed after bad breeding. He was abandoned by a breeder because he was not going to make them money. He was left in a cardboard box on someone’s front steps. 

PLEASE adopt, don’t shop!!! Support your local animal sanctuaries if you can. 

If you want to see more from my little Mickey, follow miniaturemickey on insta or my insta ecofriendlyemily :) 

Thanks for all your kind messages - he is such a trooper and a wonderful dog!
So adorable
God I love dachshunds! It’s like they have ears as wings and they flap while they run!
He/She looks so focused. What a beauty.
Come visit us at r/tripawds!
I love the sheer panache coming out of this amazing dude!
If you want to see more of this cutie he has an Instagram page @miniaturemicky
“Shake”
Oh my goodness that face!
We shall call him Wobbles with deep affection
[Amateur](https://i.imgur.com/POvDsCI.jpg)
We call him Trip, short for tripod, but also the verb.
If your looking for a name... Try pod
Name him yardstick, because he has three feet
"hey fren I'm doing my best!"
TRIPOD!
Beautiful dog
aww what a stoic proud little guy. He is not letting a missing leg keep him from being handsome
Still standing tall and proud. Good boi
Seems he's had an encounter with a Sith Lord
Call him Trip, short for tripod and also a play on the fact that, you know, awkward walk
Hopefully they gave him a 25% discount on adoption fees
Face 9/10
Cuteness 10/10
Legs 3/4
100% would gives pets
I would steal him given the chance
I’m sorry but I would lose it watching this guy run wiener dogs are already floppy enough as it is
Tripod!
Did your friend get 25% off?
Check out this fucking gangster standing at full attention ready to rock with his new squad, ride or die
Cute, but he's a little short on legs!
nice dog!
Beyond cute
*pushes over*
That is one handsome doggo.
Oh, is so sad(
It only has 3 legs.
Tri-Pawd
What's his name? Tripod?
Should name him Yardstick cuz he's only got three feet
Looks like they forgot a piece.

They should go back and check their lost & found.
The photo was taken by my girlfriend @kateamosphotos on Instagram
Tell me the name is tripod!!
I think it’s missing something
Make sure you take a picture of the side where he’s missing a leg so everyone on reddit gives you karma!
He looks so proud
awww
Ok, to the People whole have das bunds, how can I make one happy if I adopt one? I am gone for 8-9 hours daily, and I want to make sure that if I adopt one, it will be happy.
Such a good doggy! Let’s give him a han...oh
Look how proudly he stands!
So elegant
He's a cute trypod
Who’s a good boi????
Awwwhhhh da baby. Its needs a good boopin
Awe he looks so proud, standing up all tall. So cute
Such a long body
He looks majestic.
What a cutie!!
Gorgeous baby 💖
"Champioooon.... You're a dog! Soon you'll be found, I rescued you... From the pound!"
That's a brave trooper right there
Give all good dogs a loving home
he is missing 2 legs
Awe. Cute lil tripod. One of ours, our Jack has been a tripod since thanksgiving.
Cutie cute
So freaking cute
Aww
it's strong enough to stand on its leg
As long as he's happy. After that trauma, presumably, he deserves to be a happy doggo 😘
Such a cute doggy
What a handsome pup
he’s like a [reliant robin](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reliant_Robin) :D
what an adorable little tripod! I used to cat sit a ragdoll cat with three legs, best animal I've ever had the pleasure of meeting :)
Standing so tall and proud!
Always upvote the 3-leggers!  Yay for your friend and this pirate.
Friend: "My wiener is a tripod."
Such a noble beast.
He should have adopted the remaining leg too. /s
Looks like your friend forgot to read the instructions, tell them to look in the box for 'front right leg' and 'front right paw' and a tube of glue
Tripod
10/10 dog, 3/4 legs
Tripod
Boop!
r/piratepets
Who would ever give him up?!
Absolutely precious
Tri-pod dog
Alice In Chains
Ngl thought he had his paw in the air for a little while, jus noticed he only has 3 legs 😂
What handsome fella
Awwwwwwww
dog like tripod. has to have streght to tripod. strong dog. no shame in loss if you still stand.
Name him Tippy
It’s a “Threeknee” dog
may he live a good life. He's standing!!
That is single handedly the cutest dog I’ve ever seen
Shiny bright eyes, all ready to bring the biggest love into your life!  LOVE LOVE LOVE
When you’re about to eat a teddy graham but it’s missing a leg so you adopt it
Please tell me they named him champion
Congratulations!
He looks so majestic
That's a cute Reliant Robin
❤️
Bummer
So proud!  💖
What’s a stoic dog
Such a noble and handsome beast
everyone liked that
r/tripawds
I barely found out that he has 3 legs
Was he 25% off?
I'm scared as shit my Dachshund has IVDD right now, going to the vets today.  She's only 4.

Please tell your friend to look after this little fella, ramps everywhere.  No jumping up furniture.  Maybe a back brace too for good measure.
<3 <3 <3 <3 <3
I would name this guy "premium hit dog" because the missing appendage only adds to his character. 

Apologies if it's actually a girl.

Edit: was supposed to be "premium hot dog" but I'm leaving it.
But he forget to get the fourth leg
Omg.. This dog is such a cutie. I am a dog lover myself. I would totally adore this dog and adopt it. This dog is amazing in its inperfection.
❤️❤️❤️
Daschunds are the most noble of all dog breeds and don't @ me
So cute!
Cutest little weenie on three legs! ❤
Wasn’t this guy on a Alice In Chains album?
VERY GOOD
If that isnt a proud pupper i dont know what is
Did he get a 25% discount?
Champion!
Lowrider hittin’ the 3-wheel motion.
Your Friend is a legend
Poor little bugger only has 1 leg!
this made me go awwwwwww.
Got my vote!
tripod
Rescues are the best, they do make rollers for dogs legs, this pup will give back much more than people sometimes understand. We have a like one, Bean, a mix and great tyrant.
Tripod!
Omg he is beautiful! What a good looking dachshund
What do you call a three-legged Dachshund?  

A leaner dog
Cute
Great choice. Best feature is he'll always be stable on an uneven surface.
The little pup that could.
At ease Private Doggo. At ease.
Omg the cutest!
Doing a good job
Awww so cute
Aww I have a tripod who's missing the same leg!
One time on a tumblr video I saw a cat who was named yardstick because he had 3 feet.
This is my husbands dream dog!  A 3 legged wiener!
All he needs is a knight and he’ll be ready for war rawwwr !!!
Awww...incredibly sweet! 🐾🐶❤️
Awww he’s too cute ❤️!!!Pls thank your friend for adopting 😊
Only thing in my shelter is beagles and pits. I would love a tiny little gem like this
If you're happy and you know it...
He couldn't afford the whole thing?

Edit: I apologize.
Better have been at a 25% discount.
We had a dog that looked just like this, Trinka! She did have all her legs though. Aw man she was so precious and would give you kisses with her terrible breath any chance she had.
When the picture first opened I burst out laughing at the missing leg.  I had started at his face, then his body and he looked so happy and healthy that I didn't notice at first.

He looks like he's a real ball of fire and a joy to be around.  Kudos to your friend, and to you as well for sharing!
What happened to his leg?
10/10 would pet!
Awwww so cute!!
Good choice
He looks like a sweetheart!
U/somethingapis
He is not only a cutie... he is stunning - like a dog supermodel!
So adorable
That is the cutest doggo around😍
A noble and proud pup. They made a good choice.
Dachshunds were honestly one of the breeds I thought I'd never want to get. They're just so heavily morphed and I always feared the issues they'd have from their body length.

However by unintented and undesired means I ended up an owner of a mixed dachshund that looks like a brown-spotted white terrier in the shape of a dachshund. Wow. They're simply fantastic. Their personalities and the resulting habits are lovable, and their affection and interaction levels are off the charts. Truly a breed you can't regret, unless you're an irresponsible kind of dog owner who owns dogs as some form of trophy rather than family member
Look how proud he stands! I bet he's just as stubborn as any other dachshund! My old girl used to look down on the world from as short as she stood.
Well if that dog doesnt warm my icey heart 😔
So cute!
Such a Regal pose!
Shake!
Omg who's a cute little tripod?  You are <3
This threw me off not gonna lie
10/10 would smooch that pooch.
Did they get it 25% off?
“I haz 3 legs”
He ain’t got no leg
Such a cute leaner dog
Let me guess: A pit bull ate one of its legs. I see it in shelters all the time.
Hope you got a 20% discount
Bruh
Sir Tripod, at your service.
I'm a big fan of dachshunds
Respect to that friend and awwwww for that cutie
His face says “I must protect new human with my life no matter the cost”
Smart, less dog, less food needed.
Ah, it is love then. I love this dog.
what a cutie!
This weiner leans more towards one side.
That little dude is dope.
raww

It’s fucking raww!
Omg he/she is so cute ❤️
Reliant Supervan
So regal🤗
wow
So cute! My friend has a dachshund with no legs. He's named "Cigarette" because he can't go for walks - only a drag.

I'll show myself out.
what a cute tricycle
I want to kiss his nose.
awwww so precious!! <3
Yep, want.
Love him
What did you do to his leg?
They put her leg in the wrong spot.
Awwwww! So Cute! 🥺
His name better be Tripod!
Keeping him in a leash must feel like a real drag.


^^^^^Couldn't ^^^^^help ^^^^^myself.
He's so cute  
upvote if dogs are better than cays
Aww😍😍
Oh a gorgeous little Tripaw.  He is lovely.
THAT FAAAACCCEEE!!!!!!🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰GIVE IT A KISS!!!!
u/morgan_petri
10/10 dog, would pet.
r/specialaww
OMG, so cute! Did they give you 25% off the adoption fee? ;)
r/tripawed
Awwwn so cute😍😍
Triped doge
I had a 3 legged-pup who passed away this year. Miss him loads. Congrats on your new pup--cherish him & his uniqueness!
Beautiful tripod.
He should have a little wooden pirate leg.
Look at the love in those eyes!
Why is it missing

Complexion in the fur around the head?
He doesn't have a leg
Did she get a 25% discount?
The only sad part is that there is less of him to love :(
Nick weiner
“Oh, fuck.... a three legged dog”
Peg
Omg I had a three-legged dachshund (also lost her front leg). ❤️
Stop your making me cry out of joy
Please tell me his name is Tripod
Get him a wheelie leg!!!!!!
My mans put a picture of Krypto the Superdog like we wouldn’t notice
Awe such a cutie
so fking precious :))))
Tripods are the best!
That boy's weenie looks like a knee. I hope he doesnt have back trouble form weight distribution as dachshund.
I hope he doesn't have back problems from this :(
Champion?
He's fourth actual wiener
Champion?
She looks so proud
I love it’s eyes
What a gorgeous doggo!
Wow looks a ton like a childhood dog I had!!
That doggo needs a lego.
I just learned that they need small steps to go up stairs or they’ll be hurting real bad by the age of 6 or so from arthritis. So like a step between steps to help them not strain to bad would do the trick. They’re a cutie, though! Happy for you.
...and named him Tripod...
Tripod Dog
Champion!
Should be titled "Tres Weenie"
Trike would be a perfect name
That’s a really cute cat
I have a 3 legged baby and she runs like the wind never knows she only has 3.
Thats one of those mathematical dogs......put down 2 and carry the one
"Hey ladies, wanna see my 3 foot Weiner? "
So adorable I can’t😫! Look at the proud adorable face! So cute!😍
This sub is basically “how to farm karma 101”
Did they name him Yardstick?
They look very proud! I want a little doggy like this one day.
Cutest lil tripod
I’m i the only one seeing 4* legs
Smol.
Doggo has one less leg and still has better posture than me. 10/10
I love a tripod!  I had a tripod once.  She still had the leg but carried it up high and walked on 3 legs unless running.  Jack Russel.
Is it's name Tripod?
Majestic.
Boop
A dapper dapple dachshund defiantly displaying his disability
Love it.
I DEMAND A HARDWARE UPDATE ON THIS DOG

Seriously. Cyborg dog.
I want
A magical tripod ween! Guaranteed love for life ❤️
Tell your friend they are amazing for doing this and god bless them both
Such a perfectly handsome pup. What a great find!😍😍
Pets with missing limbs look like little well used lego sets, the kind you cary with you everywhere as a child loose some pieces but still love it.
Hope his name is Chocolate Chi.
A three legged weenie!!! 😍
What a cutie pie 😍
What a MAJESTIC looking animal. They are NOT letting a missing leg, hold them back. Just want to spoil him rotten.
He is brave and willing to go on an adventure!
This is adorable and thanks for sharing it! :D

Consider uploading it to r/NoContextPics - the only title they allow is "PIC" and nothing else. They'll love it, because this cat is adorable. :D

*dog.
🥰😍🥰😍
Beautiful tri-merle baby
Have you seen  four fawns I'm looking for four fawns .
Hes adorable
Adorable they look so happy and proud! I love it<3
Such a dapper little fella!
Putting his best foot forward
CHAMPION!
110 awards for this cutie. 
Needs at least 200
❤️
“A three legged puppy, is not a happy puppy.” “What suggesting Jim? Oh, oh no.”
Dachshunds are the best dogs in the world. What a cutie.
What a majestic gent 10/10
STOP THIS DOG ISN’T REAL! It’s much too precious to be real.
"A three legged puppy... Is not a happy puppy..."

And this line will be forever planted in my head because TipsyDuck is a sadistic motherfucker when it comes to climbing trees.
Alice in Chains (1995) except much cuter
Aww 💛
Out of curiosity, I know Dashunds tend to be more susceptible to hurting their back and becoming paralyzed. Would missing a leg increase this chance since the body moves differently? Still is the cutest Dashund I've ever seen regardless! ❤️
The name is Hund. 
Dachs Hund
What a cutie pie 😍
I'd name the doggo tricycle
this reminds me of an avengers level threat in battle cats so theres a german sheperd which attacks very quick and creates shockwaves and his walking aniation looks like this doggo
Always pointing
Beautiful!!!!!!!!!!

&#x200B;

**Frank Butler, Virginia Beach, VA**
Name it tripod
 A three legged puppy, isn’t a happy puppy *grabs fire axe*
Coat is beautiful 🐾 Is he watching someone getting the treats out🐾🎈
Dude I don't want to bum out your friend or anything but I'm pretty sure that dog only has 3 legs
Looks like a little army sergeant reporting for doody.
I'll never not love a three-legged dog.
He looks so confident, I love it. doggo🥺
*gotcha leg* sorry i couldn't help myself
I’ve always thought it would be awesome to have a three legged dog and just make fun of it all day while using a really happy tone. Like “awww who’s missing a leg?!?” and it would jump up and down like I’m praising it. Best of all worlds
I have fought in world war, I was so fluffy I stopped the bullets for my fellow comrades and now I'm smol
What a sweetheart 🥺❤️
Tell me the dog's name is Tripod
So damn handsome!
They forgot hit leg
He’s adorkable
25% off
Tripod
oh my god that’s such a beautiful puppy
My brothers dog also has 3 legs and loves to have the muscles massaged on her single leg ;)
I see nothing wrong
Awee
Call her Trident
This is the cutest dog I have ever seen in my life whole life.
25% off?
He is beautiful! Look how proud he is looking at whatever that is!!🤓
That’s so cute 🥺
I have a special place in my heart for tripods. My dog (Hero/M/1999-2013/RIP) growing up was a front paw amputee as well and he was one of the best dogs I've had the pleasure to know. He's long gone now but still comes to me from time to time in my dreams. 

Congratulations u/beerus1995! Your puppy is beautiful! Keep in mind that dogs learn helplessness so try not to carry him too much. As other's have mentioned Dachshund's tend to have back and hip problems as they age. 

My boy was fine without prosthetics and adapted very well to life on 3 legs. He could run, jump 6 foot fences and do all the dog things. He had a hard time figuring out to scratch his itches though. He would walk across the couch back to get 'em though. (We would call it autopetting)🤣

[My good old boy, Hero](http://imgur.com/gallery/zvivb2V)

[The Last Picture I have of Hero](https://i.imgur.com/OZBjQzM.png)
Dogs who are differently abled like to be adopted too.
You should name him Cigarette, because if he loses anymore legs you'll have to take him out for a drag.
Wiener on a tripod.
What happened with his leg? And how does he look when he walks?
At least he wont teach his dog the nazi saulte
Animals are born with three legs and a spare!!
Was there a discount for only having three legs?
Need a helping hand?
I really wish they'd stop breeding this type of dog. I've seen too many paralyzed dachshunds in my life.
I’m sorry are your eyes painted on? Ugly ass dog
are we already at the stage where we photo-amputate our dogs to farm reddit karma??!
Worthless with 3 legs. Might as well serve him in a chinese restaurant
