Scabbers?
They look very British to me.
Young girl on the right, wasn't she in a meme?
I wish living rodents would replace pocket squares as fashion accessories. It would make the world a bit more whimsical.
Algernon
That’s author M.T. Anderson and the pocket square hamster is very on brand for him!
Me with Two ball pythons, a blue tongued skink, three box turtles, and a pacman frog.....
Man that's some Chip and Potato shit right there
This feels very Wes Anderson-y to me.
Minsc and Boo, the early years
And this is a mouse I picked up earlier. His name shall be... Tyrannosaurus.
Stewart?
Pocket Bunny
Always good to include Pettigrew so Sirius can see it and have a reason to escape. I approve.
As my dad used to say...”who’s we, you and the mouse in your pocket?”
The guy with the rodent in his pocket kinda looks like James McAvoy-
Stuart Little stealing Snowbell's thunder,once again. :(
Cheesers!!
I will call him, tyrannosaurus
Damn, what happened to the Weasleys?
Stuart Little and family!
Lemmiwinks
Stewart ❤️
That's Munchie!
Aw, Stewart Little IRL
Willard has to be in the picture.
Why does this look like a posh Brian David Gilbert
Weird vibe in this pic, like rich cult / draco malfoy family vibe. Looks really cool tho, I dig that
Wooden Overcoats vibes.
I used to take my gerbil everywhere with me in college. Usually in my shirt pocket.
Look, it’s Ron Stoppable!
I see meme potential
That guy enters a teleporter and becomes Stuart Little
Serious family is serious.
I think a bunny is a fantastic handkerchief substitute.
Stuart Little
Awe so cute
A young David Lynch on the right.
I love that he’s posing, too!
The mouse is the happiest being in this picture
I have a Crush on the young man
👻🥰
The daughter looks like eli manning
Looks like Jonah Hill went full method on this one.
Ben.
r/oldschoolcool
That rodent has more money than me
He looks like one fun ass dude
I see a astronaut humping a pig
That little girl literally looks like Eli Manning... or is it just me?
That’s freakin cool.
dat cute as hek
Decent hiding spot from Richard Gere
I can hear his accent through the photo. The boy's not the mouse. Though the mouse obviously has a cockney accent to counter his owners posh accent.
He looks like an  older brother of that suit wearing kid that has been reviewing fast food for a decade on YouTube
How come no one is addressing the fact that he looks like a young James Mcavoy?!
This picture didn't make me go awwww, but it did make me realize I'm a sick, disgusting person.

&#x200B;

.....then it made me go awwww once said realization occured.
Rob Schneider's British relatives.
All inclusive!!
This is straight out of a Wes Anderson dream.
Little hey little ho, little high little low.
Priorities
This is rich.
<<Succession theme intensifies>>
r/oldschoolcool
The original Stewart Little.
/accidentalanderson
THIS IS AWESOME.
Number 5?
Can't believe they got rid of Hugh Laurie for the Stewart Little reboot
Scabbers sneaking in the family photo
I thought for the longest time that it was a lapel pin of white bread and did not understand this post at all
I thought Stuart Little was just fiction.
I thought this was a stain at first
Real life Stuart Little.
It's the freaking Stuart little. He's real. Wtf
Reminds me of a teenage version of [child Picard.](https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/memoryalpha/images/7/7e/Jean-Luc_Picard%2C_age_12.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20190331225425&path-prefix=en)
Funny!! 🤣
Lol
Hello
I didn’t know there was a Stewart Little completely live action
Stuart?
<-_-<
Omg so cute hahaha
Cheesers always come back.
Ugh, another Willard reboot?
The young guy looks like a young James Spader to me...
that little mouse :D
Omg cutest pocket square ever!
r/titlegore
Is this one of those “awkward family photo” cards
Nice
I used to live in that house
The dad looks like Rob Halford living an ENTIRELY different life haha
So Weasleys are real
If the two on the right did a face swap they would just take a regular selfie
Scabbers!!!
I love seeing old photos of gay couples
Getting some Harold and Maude vibes here
Oau onkfyjb, ,bhf j cõ,.j .vlxv.n ,
They all look alike, with the same beady eyes. I think they get their looks from the hamster.
Aibou!
Evilest looking shit I’ve ever seen in my life poking its head out that pocket.
Ah, yes. The most important family member.

T h e   m i n i a t u r e    b u n n y
hs
Cool that your mum is a vicar
That's Danny chilling in the pocket. Should have just drowned him Johnny.
Mmm poket snack
Sirius will be breaking out of Azkaban after seeing this picture
That's the suavest thing I ever gaht dayum seen.
Stuart little. :D
That girl looks like a brother and sister all in one.
WORMTAIL!?
So... No one's gonna mention the alien growing out of the dudes neck?
Not my family. Fuck most of them.  Nazi loving pedophiles
It was really cool when your dad took in those two little boys from Harlem.
Is this the picture from the dictionary for the entry for WASP?
George and Stewart all gown up. How sweet.
r/IllegalySmolRats
The gentleman with the hamster pocket square grew up to be a successful author :).
mom: we? Do you have a mouse in your pocket?
This guy: yes
girl on the right looks like a young david lynch.
It's Ron Stoppable and Rufus!

But where's Kim...?
Nice to see Stuart Little enjoying life
This has a real ‘Royal Tenenbaums’ feel to it.
Does anyone see the small creepy face over hamster boy's right shoulder?
No man left behind
If that boy ever wondered exactly what he would look like when he got older all he had to do was look at his father.
I am going to tell my kids this was Jared Kushner
I am Stuart little !
Very important to include him
Stuart Little?
Count its toes
Who is this we? You got a mouse in your pocket? Yes?
Beautiful and adorable ❤️
They look racist LMAO
That’s Stuart little.
Is that Scabbers?
‘Willard: the Beginning’
Scanners!
Danny in another world.
Ah, can’t have a photo without good ol Sir Fuzzybutt.
The ears run in the family.
Imagine flipping through old family photos and then.. 

“Grandma who’s that? in the pocket?” 

“Your uncle Winston, he passed on years ago at the old age of 4, we found him in his wheel”
Our family dog needed to be in every family photo and I mean every photo :)
The original pocket square
This looks like a still from a Wes Anderson movie.
Why is David Lynch the daughter of this family
Image if he falls forward lol
That girl on the right’s face, god help me...
Paging u/ttin89
r/Drawtism
It's his snack dude
The real-life royal Tenenbaums
r/Drawtism is leaking.
Stewart little is lookin different...
Is that Ron Weasley with scabbers!?
Ohana
Joe Biden has always been a BOSS
That girl look like Gavin Free from Slowmo Guys / RoosterTeeth
Awesome 👏
Stewart?
Stuart Little.. is that you ?!
Munchie ?
I'm getting hamster and elderberry vibes.
Can't tell if this is photo is from the 1960s, 2020, or just Russia?
Aunt 'Mike', Uncle Rick, Cousin Neil, and sister Vyvyan, as well as SPG in the pocket. Photo taken just before University challenge.
Raticus Ferguson
Is that Jared Kushner?
I didn't know Jared Kushner and Stephen Miller were friends when they were younger
Is that Stuart Little?
Pocket gerbil more effective than pocket sand
I didn't know there was another Stuart Little movie.
Peter Pettigrew!
Is that Jared Kushner?
Remember to take your emergency rag everywhere you go
r/fuckstuartlittle
That guy looked cute anyway, I mean the hamster. 🤔🤔
0
/ 
|
\
Very Stuart Little.
ITS SO TINY
Is that Jack Morgan the musician scientist? https://youtu.be/rqkUISJej2o
This is so the father could remember they are non-binary.
Widdle liddle funny wabbit
Isn’t this a repost? And I swear the last time it was posted someone revealed that the daughter on the right is someone famous/well known
Willard!!!
**Ratatouille music intensifies**
Is that a bunch of severed human hands sewn together behind you or a festive wreath? Either way, I like your decor!
Little high little low
Stuart little
iconic behavior
Peter Pettigrew at it again.
In preschool and elementary school I was always the smallest kid so they seated me front and center every photo day.  I made it my mission to sneak a small animal into ever photo.  School caught on so I had to be extra clever.  They would search me.  Frog in a zipper pocket, hamster in a stuffed animal, rat in my hair, gopher on my shoulder, snake in my shirt.  You couldn't see the animal in most photos but I knew they were there.
Made me smile :)
Something about the rest of his appearance makes me think that the hamster is always there. He seems very mysterious.
Is this a still from the new Wes Anderson movie?
Why do they all look like sociopaths?
The bunny just be like: >.<
Gef and Jimbo! Those two crazy kids!
Chip and potato
Stuart Little is that you?
Imagine being at the same orphanage as Stuart Little and a family chooses to adopt a fucking rat over you.
Bet he pooped in that pocket.
Algernon, how have you been?
The dude on the far left tho.
Holy shit! Brilliant.
Scabbers?
Proof of the unseen third wing... The Hamster Academy.
Is that Wicca Phase lmao
😂😂😂😂😂😂
James Spader always did seem a bit eccentric.
isn't that stuart
He’s at Howgarts.
Hey look! It’s scabbers!
Makes me think of the movie “Dr. Dolittle”
Just me that gets Adam Driver vibes?
Giving me serious “Weasley family vibes” from Harry Potter. They even got Peter Pettigrew chillin in the coat pocket.
Me, a little witch academia fan: Is this Amanda O’Neill and the holy grail?
He looks like the guy who is going to defeat you at the piano competition.
After tea snack
At first glance, I saw someone with their hand over their face in shame behind them.
Stuart Little
They look like the bad guys in get out
One time i took my pet gerbil to church because they had a pet blessing ceremony the previous week that we missed and i wanted my gerbil to go to heaven. 

My mom found out and beat my ass with a paddle.
Anyone else think the older one looks like Palpatine?
Scabbers! Editing because autocorrect killed it.
Potato!
Owww the face
Adorable little squeaker!
His mom's face lol
Stuart little vibes
So are they all from Alabama?
Scabbers, that’s where you went! ;)
Is that Stewart Little?
Is that Peter Pettigrew?  Shit.  Time to bust out of Azkaban.
Stuart little
Omg! I want to marry this guy!! Where is he now? Someone tell me!
Stewart little doing an old fashion photo bomb lol
Is that Jim Halpert on the right?
Kushner Family Hanukkah
Unless they look like me
I’m sitting here, looking only at the top half of the image, assuming OP is talking about the wreath coming out of his head. At first glance, it looked like a giant pony tail doing a loop, then tied at the bottom. OHHH but there’s a mouse. Oh hai mouse.
Hard 1992 vibes.
Whoever picked his waistcoat with that suit is a genius.
The daughter looks like John Krasinski.
Priorities
Reminds me of Stuart Little.
This is aggressively British and I can't even tell you why
Joe alwyn with Taylor Swift
Stuart little in real life
Aaahhh. Stuart Little in the class.
Real life Stewart Little.
Scabbers with his muggle family while he was hiding from the wizarding world.
Is that Kushner?
That muskrat saved him money in the end. Lol. Look at last picture.
Stuart little
He's at Hogwarts... he's at Hogwarts...
Scabbers?
Pocket snack
Stuart Little?
Damn, there's a novel in this somewhere.
Iceburg from One Piece!!
Man it's so weird to me how many people can't tell rodents apart. It's a sweet lil syrian hamster in that young man's pocket. Not a mouse, rat, or baby bunny.
Stuart little
He looks like he's probably a serial killer...maybe I just watch too many true crime shows.
Fucking Peter Pettigrew
Scabbers!
I thought the daughter was sheylene Woodley
Is this the Little family?
The not quite as prestigious Dogsnorts School of Magic.
it needs a tophat
lol looks like a photo circa early 90's. 

moneys on 91-94
I can smell the stale cloth in this photo
How’d dat git outta mah butt?
Longbottom's Reunion
Its soo small
So smol
Little Stuart
...Kushner??
looks like an older version of five
“Tf are they doin over there”
God DAMN, that’s a family looking family.
I just fell a little bit in love with that guy.
Our eccentric uncle Edward and his pet mouse Dave
Peter Pettigrew at it again
YOU CANNOT FORGET BOO, THE GIANT MINIATURE SPACE HAMSTER
A snack for latter
The sister looks just like a young David Lynch
Stealth 100
Wasn’t that lady on America idol
Why does the guys looks like a serious LEGO maestro
the og stuart little
"So Yeah, this is me. No, down here in the pocket! Yes im a hamster, and you are probably wondering how i got here"
I know he did, but what if he had no idea that little guy was even there lmao
awww british
ENHANCE
Oh hey look, it's Wes Anderson's cousin Harlan, and his pet rat Smudge.
Hahaha
How great would it be?
Why does it feel like their surname ends with *ton?

Like Wellington, Kensington, Hampton, etc?
You know what you must do

Go for the eyes
Munchie!
They look like the same person's face has been Photoshopped onto each of their faces
Okay, Renfield.
How English of him.
r/drawtism
AYYEE YOOO MOUSE IN DA HOUSE
Say "Cheese "
Like the guy from water 7
This entire family looks like devout Slytherin.
Gerbil or hamster
Danny?
mah boi stuart little
It’s Stuart Little
Is that Jonah Hill on the left?
I didn't know Wes Anderson was directing his family photos.
Looks like Wes Anderson's family photo. Serious yet whimsical.
stuart little?
Hamsters are awesome. Mine is called Boo.
That little girl looks like Jim Halpert
Stuart little
Omg it’s Stewart little!
Stuart little
Me and my parrot
So cute!
I think I found a real life drawing by r/drawtism
That's no pocket square....that's a mouse
It’s Scabbers!
Ron?
If chip and potato were a person.
Lolll
Smol
The rodent pocket square is sooo IN this year.
This is like a video game Easter egg lol
Wonder if the photographer forgot to say ‘cheese.’
Stuart little, is that you?
Aww thats cute😍
Stuart Little
Omg this is the cutest thing ive seen in a while🤧😵😘
Bruh who is the mad lad that put a Snake award in the mix
Mister Jingles from the move The Green Mile
Iceberg-san?
British Stuart Little?
We'd not be able to do this with our cats.  Whenever I pick one of them up and I'm in the same room as my father, they start struggling immediately because they think it means they're going to the vet :P
It ain't a family photo when not the whole family is pictured. 

P.S: I want to squish that rat/mouse soo bad xD
Dad... Mason /klan.... Mum.. Church.. Son.. Deviant /sex offender... Daughter.. Lesbian/goth/nurse who kills..
Did anyone else here think of the Judith Kerr children's book 'When Willy Went to the Wedding'? (awesome picture book)
Stuart Little!
r/illegallysmolrabbits
Is it a hamster or a baby bunny?
TIL David Lynch had long hair when he was young
i feel some stuart little vibes lol
Snack
A healthy snack
"And the award for Cutest Pocket Square goes to..."
Chip and Potato! (I have a 3yo)
A young wes anderson
It’s me, yah boi
I feel like I'm super out of the loop? What is this picture?
Cheezers came back..
Look, James may on the far left!
36 awards so far
Looks like Willard with his pet Ben.
Yes, Boo, I agree. This group could do with a swift kick in the morals!
Why does it look like great grandmas nimbly ass hands are holding the wreath up in the background
Sherlock Holmes. Mouse's name is Watson
My dad always says "who's we? You and the mouse in your pocket?"
Is this the poster for a new Stuart Little??
He even has the same eyes
I literally have the same hairstyle as girl on the right
Iceberg and Tyrannosaurus?
Getting serious 'Harold and Maude' vibes from this kid.
Why does mouse guy look like Garth from supernatural ?
I was trying so long to decipher what the patch on his coat was.
What Wes Anderson movie is this from?
My favorite wes anderson movie
Rockin’ that Conan O’Brien hairstyle
Thought it was a huge blob of nut until I saw the name of the sub
I've never seen a rabbit so small. Are we sure it isn't a pin or something?
I’d be willing to bet he ended up becoming a serial killer.
Danny
Hmmmm pocket snack
"Every... Last... One........." Timothy grunted as He drove the shovel further into the soil covering Grandma's grave.
That guys looks like he would either buy you shit to have be his best friend or he would tell you continuously he didn’t touch you, while he headbutts you and your coworker in the face.
