This is a cute gif of a cow.  No need to bring up dietary debates and insults in the comments. Just relax a bit and enjoy the gif.
That nose wiggle is so cute :)
Like big, extra clumsy, very curious dogs.
Cows are so friendly. When I was a toddler I used to squeeze out our back fence into the field and I'd go and lie with the cows. How I didn't get trampled is beyond me. Unfortunately for my frightened mother, she couldn't fit through the gap and had to spend hours trying to coax me back. I'm good maw.
In Egypt, "You have a cow's eyes" used to be legit flirting :D
[removed]
Lookit those lovely eyelashes.
A calf in r/aww?  
\*sorts by controversial\*
/r/happycowgifs/
I can't stop thinking about Appa from Avatar
We live on a farm. Some nights when we come home from work and school, the cows would stand in the way of our car. My mom would walk out to get them to move and they'd just rub themselves all over her looking for head scratchies and hugs.
Don’t you mean “udderrated”?
# grass puppy !
Have you seen baby pigs? Those things are adorable
My friend is a vet and cows are her favourite animals.
Cows I love cows they are loving animals ❤
They're so cute and have such lovely, long eyelashes!
That’s it I’m a vegetarian
I heard cows were similar to dogs?!?!
They are just massive puppies.
r/petthedamncow is one of my fav subs for looking at cute cows! Are there any others you guys know of?
quite possibly mans best friend
Disappointed the top comment isn’t “Moooooo”
awww I didnt know their little noses wiggle like bunny noses thats adorable
[removed]
That is a professional grade snoot
But why are they also exploited and slaughtered for the mere pleasure of our tastebuds?
Most all animals are underrated as you say, it's the people's thoughts and feelings towards our animals that make this world one sad place. Ive chosen to surround myself in happy videos here, not like the ones that haunt my mind that i happened upon on the FB feed. I think cows are cool when they are interacted with from calves.
[deleted]
Cows are underrated because modern people do not want a personal relationship with the animals that are going to be killed and ground up for food. \*edited to correct a mis-seplling\*
These lil cuties should never be treated like factory meat.
[removed]
My three-year-old: "Aw...I want a cow!"
Grass puppers!
pink boop <3
Pink little nosie!
r/cattleareadorable
Awww I wish I had a cow 😭 they are so cute. Jealous of the person the touching this cutie
Aww 🐄🖤🤍
Big puppy
[removed]
Cow snuggles are the best. 

Grab a book. Find a cow. perfect reading spot.
that cute lil baby 🥺🥺🥺🥺
So cute! It’s very hard to believe that a person can look at this and continue to eat meat.
Adorability factor!  :)
Boop.
What a nice and pretty cow
/r/happycowgifs
r/petthecow
Neapolitan Moo Moo Face
Their eyes are so beautiful just wish people didn’t have to use such a beautiful creature for food ...
BOOP THE SNOOT
[removed]
Boop that snoot
[removed]
Underrated is being thrown around everywhere nowadays. 90% of the time, the underrated thing is not underrated at all.
They're precious.
Love the eyelashes.  🤗
Man I love the taste of meat but things like this are wearing me down. I still eat it but I feel bad about it. I'd be surprised if I weren't a vegetarian within a few years. Btw PETA stuff does not make me want to stop eating meat, it just makes me angry.
And they are friends, not food.
I’ve often wondered about consciousness, being self aware. I think we as humans have set the bar to high as most animals are aware of their own mortality and have feelings.
So lovely right 🥰
Soft moooo
That is one big booper.
Cows have the most luxurious eyelashes.
Ninja turtle nose
Bap DA noes
Cutie 🥰♥️
I love cows just look at that pink nose
I want to kiss it
Thank you for enlightening me :')
Did u boop the snoot
Those eyes....and that snoot 😍😍😍
so cute
r/mademesmile
Cute!
Awww 🥰🥺
I love
Him
Its nose is like a little angry face its so cute
My precious! Adorable pinky nose
Absolutely fucking precious
1st step. Have the cows trust you.

2nd step. Betray them.
Not underrated just not understood. Stop supporting the slaughter and rape of these innocent beings.
Awww I grew up on a farm Cows and All Animalbeings Rule
I've asked my wife for one every birthday for the last 15 years. Still no cow.....
Highland cows are the cutest by far
I was on the path of consuming less meat when my doctor told me I should consume more because I have low iron levels in my blood. I’m down to eat meat if it’s recommended, but our environment, the animals, and my body would appreciate it if my iron intake came from greener sources. 

Does anyone know any good recipes you can give me that are vegan/vegetarian that would up much iron intake? I’ve researched online and found some good things but Reddit’s creativity goes a long way!
India has entered the chat
PINK NOSE!!!
Great, now I want a pet-cow
They're not underrated at all. I see them in almost every restaurant.
I’ve spent the last few years actively trying to avoid cow products. Yes I have lapses. Yes I LOVES love cheese. But something about cows having best friends changed my point of view more then any other reason for giving up red meat and the like.
Cows are great. I raised one from 2 days old. Bottle feeding him everyday until he was weaned. He would follow me around everywhere like a dog and constantly want to lick on me and want me to rub him. I also had a billy goat in with him and they loved each other. Either the cow thought he was a goat or the goat thought he was a cow but they were inseparable. They loved head butting each other.
Those eyelashes are magnificent
It’s looks so sweet 🥺❤️
Aww, cute little Charolais calf
Moo
Holy shit it's otis
i can milk you
Beautiful, they are very underrated 🥺 I have cows at the bottom of my garden,had one give birth there a few weeks ago, and went to the farm to help with another...I love them 😍
These are my fave animals thankyou for noticing them
The cows near me are ass holes. Friend of mine went to say hello and got head butted to the ground
UNDERRATED huh... come to India.
If you actually understood my context,  you might have understood what I meant-t they do have thought process,  but not genius by any means. Each animal  has some degree of intelligence - even if it is just a little
Cows are our friends. They might be our best friends.
I am cow.
I grew up on a farm. My job was feeding calves. I LOVED it!
[removed]
What do you mean, "underrated?"  

No, cows are not just big dogs.  That is an insult to cows who are themselves and nothing else.  Smart, curious, determined, angry, silly, stupid, hungry (always), fascinating.  Cows are cows.  Stop trying to "teddy bear" them.
I’m just gonna wait here for someone to post an obscure, yet udderly horrifying fact about cows.
Udderly adorable.
Made me smile
this is so cute
That's a big sniffer for a little bub!
It's the big, wide nose that makes them so damn cute.
O______O
Hi grass doggy!
'udderrated' was right there...
I'm not saying smartest animals,  but curiosity does show some modicum of intelligence
As someone who grew up on a farm I can agree. Cows are amazing! Gosh I miss those mooing big doggos.
Big Milk Pupper
Considering we genocide them by the millions I don’t think people want to think of then as cute
[deleted]
Yes indeed!  Cows can be very seductive - my ex wife is a cow.
/r/Grassdoggos
snif snif
I wanna kiss it's nose.
That noseeeeeeee
Ils so agree with you
Awww that's cute
You know they have tongues like cats? Theyre all prickly! Last fall a baby cow wouldn't stop licking my face and neck at the fall corn maze.
*boop*
Wonder what happens when you give a boop
It's the beautiful eyelashes. Such dreamy eyes.
How can i download this video
Omg look at that baby
It looks cute and all but i dont think that face is 'lil'
Not in India
u/vredditshare
He looks like one big bunny rabbit
moo
Appa!
It reminds me of an animatronic- is that real cow?
Cows...

Adorable
such a nice cow.
/u/vredditshare
v/redditdownloader
It's cute and I would love to pet it, but this won't stop me from wanting to eat meat.
When they’re clean, they’re so cute. ❤️
what you dont see is that his body has been separated from his head and cut into mcdonalds patties. not even the good stuff. sad.
Not in India
I disagree they are revered by over a billion people.
Underrated? I eat those fuckers every single day not underrated at all.
Im sorry but the meat is better
That's a cute little buddy. Makes me willing to be a vegetarian if it was convenient enough.
It's even better in my stomach
Sssttteeeaaaakkkkk
[removed]
I only see ribeyes
You think cows get put up in a special room where they get it on to produce a calf to be taken away from them and milk to be stolen?
As long as it’s loved and is a pet I refuse to eat it, but if it’s raised for food I shall eat it.
There are some allegories and some factual stories (info) and that was true data,  that just showed how weak and prideful man is.  Very sad that even 'small' costs highly
I am so tempted to boop the snout, but then I remember that even with all of these cute things, theres a pandemic. Its nice to see posts like this that can make you forget about whats going on and just accept the fate of aww for a little bit, before youre back to thinking about when you should choose to have your groceries delivered since you cant go out much.
What do you mean underrated; everyone loves cows in their own special way.
Looks like dinner to me.
Well maybe...but look at this lil cutie: https://images.kitchenstories.io/communityImages/8f81a2c626873243d8b3b908af10d9d2_e2c413d7-3374-40eb-9f89-07c910f45caa/8f81a2c626873243d8b3b908af10d9d2_e2c413d7-3374-40eb-9f89-07c910f45caa-medium-landscape-150.jpg
Me gets hungry
Oh hey I get to repost this next time for karma
Shame that little fella will end up as neat meat to eat
Ah so cute i wanna eat it whole 😍😍.

/s
Can't wait to see it on my plate.
[deleted]
You know whats even cuter?....  
Hamburguers
/r/mealprep
They are rated correctly, Prime, Choice, Select, Standard, Commercial, Cutter & Canner.
Borger
we are omnivores
Stop petting ur food
Looks cute honestly, still edible.
Stop touching my food.
Im here for the BigMac
GET IN MAH TUMMY
Eat it
Who said food can't be cute ?
Needs lettuce and tomato.
mmmm dinner
Wouldn't call them under-rated. Often they are the most expensive thing on the menu.
Even cuter with some garlic butter and chips.
Better than stupid cats
But when the pooping starts they aren’t really that great anymore
They taste great too
Borgor
[That might be a false statement ](https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.sciencetimes.com/amp/articles/24473/20191218/a-group-of-scientists-suggest-that-plants-feel-pain.htm)
Have u seen indian cows 
If yes then u opinions bout to change
Cute beesechurger
Underrated? Have you ever been to India? XD
Yea... but have you seen a cow make no effort to not diarrhea all over herself standing completely still in a field?
gnam my dinner❤
Underrated? Cows are Top 4 most succesful species on this planet along with Humans, Chickens and Pigs.
Cows are scary as fuck
I rate cows. I love cereal.
I feel like a streak now
Not seeing it
Big face
*sniffs air* “yeah I don’t think so”
Dairy cows are. Meat cows are dull lifeless voids. They know their destiny imo.

Downvoted for what? I'm around meat cows all the time. They are dull lifeless voids.
What would happen if you stick your dick in their nostril
yes off curse because we have
Alison?
Agreed that cows are awesome but it's not a "lil" face.

Why is everything little currently? Does it gain more karma?
Until it bites your arm off and tries to milk you!!
Dude, i could stuff my dick up that nostril
Stupid to you,  but in the Bible
Sure, it's cute now. But have you ever seen one munch down on a koala?
No,  man and women chose to sin.  God forgives sin,  but there are consequences. He did tell them in advance, as well.
