Congratulations! That adorable little face is such a sweet reminder of how far you’ve come.
When you have your 1st adoptaversary youll be 495 days sober. Good luck friend!
He's adorable and congrats on your journey to recovery, keep it up, my dog also was the reason I woke up everyday 3 times a day when I was at my lowest, sometimes having someone else to take care for is the push you need to get better, take it easy thought, if you start to feel overwhelmed just rub him and feel the soft fur on your fingers or play with him, I personally like to watch my dog sleep, it brings me peace. Good luck on everything, you can do this ❤️
Hell yeah keep going, I got a little over 18 months.
Congratulations on your recovery and your new little buddy!!
Congrats on being sober! What breed/mix is Charlie? He's super cute!
Congratulations here’s to 130 more 😊
Charlie means “free man”. I think you chose a very fitting name
Congratulations! he will definitely help
Great job on the sobriety. I hope Charlie will be a loving companion as you keep on living clean and healthy. Keep it up.
So adorable! Be careful though, Charlie’s are known for biting [fingers](https://youtu.be/_OBlgSz8sSM)
Nice job! Congrats!
ODAT
Awesome job! And congrats on your sobriety not only did you change your life for the better, adopting that little pupper is going to make his life better as well! Good luck to you both!
Congratulations!  Dogs are the best thing to get you up and keep you motivated. It means so much more when you know this little guy depends on you for everything.  Keep going and stay strong.  We are all proud of you and with you all the way.
You knocked it out of the park, congratulations
Good for you, keep it up. My cat has helped me a lot. Glad you got some one too
Great going. Keep it up.
First off, congrats on your sobriety!!! I have no doubt that was not an easy journey.
Secondly, you take care of that little guy, and he will take care of you. I know its not the same thing, but I got a little puppy 4 years ago now and I can't honestly say that it majorly improved my severe depression. It gives you that spark. And by looking at this pic, you got yourself a little firecracker there. Haha! So enjoy. And congrats again.
Aww, what breed? Also congrats!!!
Double congratulations for the recovery and your new friend.
r/sneakybackgroundfeet
Congrats man!!! And your dog is adorable may I add
Congratulations! You're definitely winning :) keep going
Congrats but let me just say puppies are awesome but can be frustrating
congrats on the sobriety and new friend!! heres to many more years!
Well done mate
You are awesome!
I have big love for Charlie
Congrats to you both!  Please remember to be a gift to him as well!
Congratulations
And many more to come. Congratulations! I hope you and this little cutie have great moments together.
Congrats! What a great gift, may you have many happy memories together!
Congrats to you both, what a big accomplishment, and an adorable blessing!!!
Aww he’s so precious
Congratulations on both!! Please boop da nose to thank him for helping with your mental health journey.
Excellent. Now, with your new friend, it will be good if you can start a new healthy habit: increasingly longer walks and climbing hills near you if there are any. Good for you, and a tired dog is a happy dog!
Awesome! Getting sober is hard work, I struggle not drinking most days and getting past day 3-4 is pretty much impossible
That's not a gift, it's a life. Take care of it and continue to take of yourself. Love
Not a gift but a responsibility and a partner in life.
He will halp you hooman.
And now all I can think of is "All Dogs Go To Heaven."
My dog was a reason to not drink. I’m on day...0.
Part of being a mature, recovering addict is having the ability to make sane, informed choices. One being "I probably shouldn't reward myself for a short term accomplishment by taking on a long term responsibility". Still a cute dog though, hope you keep loving him.
Congrats! Stick to it!!
Good job and good boy!
Congrats!  Remember Charlie and you are worth it.
Congrats on your recovery! And your pupper is cute as can be!
Congratulations 🥳. What a wonderful gift to him and to yourself. It is such a wonderful feeling to wake up sober. May you and Charlie have a wonderful and long  life together.
Congratulations on that sweet roku tv. I love mine.
just keep telling yourself that alcohol is poison. It worked for me along with AA, 33 years later and  I still say this in my mind. remember no matter what DON'T DRINK
*”I must protec my hooman at all costs”*
Hope you don’t fall off and have Charlie suffer.
here’s something to keep you sober if you do get intoxicated again you might hurt this little guy so stay sober for your puppy
Excellent choice
Good for you, congratz!  I am 133 days of not smoking.  But I didn't get myself a little pooch.  I haven't treated myself yet.  I like seeing the extra 800 bucks in my bank account that would have been used for smokes.  I think I'll use it for a PS5.
Congratulations on your accomplishment and new pupper
Congratulations!
Way to go, and way to doggo
Congratulations and he looks like a Charlie!
Congratulations ❤️🐶🐾
Congrats on your achievement !
Congratulations! Keep it that way 👍
Congrats man. Enjoy your sobriety and chillin with your dope pup!
Congrats!!! Keep up the good work.
Congrats on your pup and your sobriety.
Excellent decision. Sobriety and puppies, congratulations!
Congrats on your hard-earned sobriety! Charlie looks like the perfect adventure buddy! A happy future to you both!
Congratulations! What a precious boy.
Name this little guy William Powers, cuz now you got the will power. Congrats my dude.
Day 1 for me. Handsome pup.
Ticket To Ride, also a quality game.
One of the best things to help keep me under control is my dogs. If I get arrested for a DUI who’s going to be there to feed them and give them the love they deserve?
same puppy in same sub a week ago: 35 upvotes

same puppy with sob story in title: 28K upvotes and counting, multiple awards

OP's no dummy
oh my goodness. you take good care of this dog and your sobriety! he needs you in his life!
Little dude, big responsibility, you got this. Dogs rule!
Congrats from a fellow sobriety advocate. Pets make a big difference. They require a lot of care. But when you latch onto them and they to you it's somewhat like having a child.
Congratulations from a fellow board gamer!
A dog will change your world :)
Congrats! If I may give some unsolicited advice - if you can afford it, get pet insurance. It really is worth it. Especially when they're young and have no pre-existing conditions. 

Have fun with your new best friend!!
Anyone here struggling to get sober from alcohol- I highly highly highly recommend purchasing the book “this naked mind” by Annie Grace. It literally saved my life and took away my desire to drink! If it weren’t for that book I would’ve already caved.
Congratulations on the sobriety and the adorable pupper! 

Please keep going with it for your own health and so you can give that adorable little guy the home and life you both deserve!
Congrats, he’s so cute! What type of breed is he?
Nice job. Having someone/something to keep you company has been proven to help with addictions. I hope all goes well for you.
Awesome job keep up the good work congratulations on your sobriety and the puppy
Good job brother we all have our battles and I’m sure you will come out on top stronger than ever
 Ps. Cute puppy too
Omg best gift ever!
Great work, and now you got one more reason to take care of yourself. Charlie looks like a good boy who wants the best for you and belly rubs for himself.
Nice
Its ok if this Charlie bites your finger
I’m so proud!!! This is wonderful news and you definitely deserve this!! I did the same things and have my little puppy now and he’s my best bud now
That's a perfect gift for such an occasion!! He's adorable! 😁
Congrats on your 130 days !!!
Congratulations to you friend :) cutest thing ever
Purpose is important when keeping strong, now you have him to take care of.
Awww. Congratulations! Also nice Ticket to Ride.
You can't drink in front of him because you need to be a good role model as his parent. Makes the dog a good influence on your sobriety.
Charlie deserves a good stable home.
Congratulations on both fronts!
Congratulations and he is a winner
He is adorable and congratulations! I hope the pupper brings you lots of joy!
Congratulations!
Congrats, OP! Proud of you!!
Congrats buddy
Congratulations and here's to a happy life for both of you!
Love it!
What breed is this little fella?
Happy national dog day. He is so freakin cute.
Congrats ! If he's your higher power, then so be it. Keep up the good work, one day at a time.
Please tell Charlie I love him and I hope he has a good day every day of his life. And congrats on 130 days alcohol free!!
I would die for Charlie. He's so cute.   


Congrats on this milestone btw!
I got clean in 2007. I got a corgi in 2007, she was my companion for my first 13 years of sobriety till three months ago when she passed away. 

It’s nice to know that someone out there is gonna get to experience that too. Good luck to you
Well done! Glad to see you sober and with your  friend for life.
Keep up the good work!
Congratulations on both counts! He is adorable!
Congratulations dear. Im proud of you.  Its a long hard journey that you are on. Im sure you're going all the way. Now that you've got that beautiful pup loving and counting on you the path will be less lonely and alot more friendly.  ❤
Proud of you :) ! Charlie must be too!
May he forever be a reminder that you got this. Congrats!
Congrats and God Bless. Love him and you will feel nothing but pure love. 💕
You have to stay sober now so you can take charlie on his walk everyday. He is counting on you!
Congrats on your sobriety!  It gets easier and easier as time passes.
Congrats!!!! Your dog is such a cutie!!!
I got a pup named Marvin for my 4 years. Good on ya mate, keep it up
You have accomplished a huge feat! Every day is a struggle and you have come so far and your new buddy will help you continue in your sobriety. 

Congratulations on your hard work and keep it up!
Good job you! And also your puppy is adorable!
One more reason to stay sober!!

He's frickin' adorable!!!
TICKET TO RIDE!!!  The best game ever
Omg the BEST sobriety buddy ever. Good on you for 130! Best wishes to you and yours!
That’s a walking, talking reason to stay sober.
i’m proud of you you’re doing great!
Awww congrats so cute. I got my addy when I was feeling so alone. This dog is gonna figure u out and be everything u need. I'm thankful for my dog, she's almost a year and when I'm feeling so sad, she's there. So happy for u and congrats on the 130 days.
130 Minutes free here.

But seriously. Congrats.
Aww congratulations!
Congrats! I wish I were that strong
Congratulations! A great achievement and an super adorable gift for yourself. Keep it up!
Congratulations on making it to 130 days as well as your fuzzy friend. And a bit of a pro tip... Charlie is a great way to "move a muscle, change a thought" on days where things start bogging you down. And Charlie will love the extra walk/exploring time.  

Congratulations again. You can do it.
if dogs were drugs i would be addicted
That’s actually a really good idea. I’ll get myself a sover gift when I reach a year.
Congrats on both. I been free for 5 years. Best thing I have ever done for myself. Keep up the good work.❤️
Congratulations, that's great news. I am from Melbourne Australia, and we are currently in a hard lock down. i said i wouldn't drink during lock down, my last drink was on July 9th. I hope you're feeling as good as i am. Oh yeah, doggo looks awesome as well.
Take care
Keep up the good work. Life is much better sober. 1605 days for me.
Did this myself. Clean since 5/18/18. Keep it up man. You'll only feel better from here
Congratulations!!! Keep kicking ass! You gotta bring him to meetings if you’re meeting outdoor. I fucking love it when people bring their dogs to meetings.
I hope you're fucking proud of yourself... Because I'm fucking proud of you, internet stranger! My brother recently chose that path. It's a long, steep path that's not always easy to walk. Now if you slip, you gotta lil buddy to catch you before you slide down, or at least help get your feet back under you. Cheers!
(Sorry, didn't plan on writing a novel 🤷‍♂️)
So Charlie is a badge of honor? Better respect it then. We’ll hold you to it. Congrats on being sober, homie
Congratulations on your sobriety! Keep it up
It’s amazing what a dog can do. Congrats - it only gets better.
congrats dude!
Congratulations on 130 days and I can’t think of a better gift to be by your side on the rest of your sober journey!
Congratulations!!!

A good family friend got a dog right after he got sober so he would have to come home every night. That was about 13 years ago, he’s been sober ever since and now runs a methadone clinic.
Excellent, having such an adorable responsibility will encourage you to maintain the sober life. I wish you all of the success 🙏
Congratulations!! And Charlie is cute AF
Who was giving that dog alcohol 130 days ago?
Boo alcohol!!

Yay puppy!!!
Congratulations!! I hope you two take good care of each other 💕
Don't forget this little thing if you ever get back to alcohol- because life......
I love how little you have to pee when not drinking alcohol
I start day 4 tomorrow. Congrats man!
Way to go!! Great job!! Congratulations!!!
He is incredibly proud of you
Congrats
Best treat yo self ever
I’m drunk and this made me smile
Yay! Congrats to both of you!
Congrats my dude!  I know it’s not easy,  and even though we’re strangers I’m really proud of you!
Charlie age 2
Recovering alcoholic
Don't let cute faces fool you
130 days doesn't seem much to people unless they also have an addiction they can relate to

I know it'd have been so much difficult for you, congrats and keep it up!!
Cheers, I raise my glass on you!
[deleted]
You know you're not supposed to start new relationships
When i quit drinking i started dreaming more.  The effect was pretty immediate.  Was it the same for you?
 Congrats
That’s amazing congratulations ❤️❤️ sending love from mass
This is one of the best posts I’ve ever seen on reddit in my opinion. Congrats on your sobriety and enjoy the ball of love ❤️
Wow ! The wonder animals can do to us !!
Keep it up! A puppy is the best way to keep busy. I am sober for almost 5 years (lost count of the days!)
At day 270 you get a baby
Good job keeping it clean, Charlie!

(Joking aside: good job, keep it up!)
You’re not ready for that.
Hell fucking yeah bro! Keep that shit up!
Please don't relapse. That little guy depends on you.
Congrats on your recovery
Awesome!!!! He’s precious! 130 days! That’s amazing!!!
I count almost everyday and am losing count counting on my fingers. Lol!
Just made a little calendar. 47 alcohol free. 
Surprising myself. Again, I’m not sure I’m trying to quit forever. I really hate to mess up my record though. I haven’t weighed but I know I must’ve gained a lot. The cake and the candy have caught up.
My doctor wanted me to work on my sugar before my next appointment. It’s not bad and it was even lower last time. I’m not diabetic just pre.
I love your puppy! I have seven cats. I’ve been wanting some little diamond dangle earrings. One of my best friends boyfriend is in the business, and I looked at some today.Maybe I’ll let that be my treat when I make a certain number of days. And then remember not to celebrate with wine that night! LOL congratulations to you two!!😃💕
I hope I can too do that one day, I’ve been drinking every day to numb the feelings
Congratulations! Remember that now you have a buddy to care for, so you have another reason to stay sober! Keep going, he believes in you.
i drink to that!
I think you celebrated a little too soon but lol it’s fine. Don’t give it chocolate.
get that foot outta there
Keep up the good work, Charlie needs you!
Congratulations for 130 days! And a super cute Charlie!
AMAZING! So happy for you (both the sobriety and the fluffy friend). May you have thousands more happy sober days. Wishing you the best.
Think about all the money you are saving.  And how your mental and physical health is healing.  I’m going for a month sober from beer.  Used to drink around 10 bud light a night.
Congrats!
Proud of you
Taking on the responsibility of another life when you can hardly take care of your own - excellent idea.
Congrats! We support you!
Great job! 🙌
Congrats my dear!
IM SO PROUD OF YOU!!!!!!
Congratulations, that is really great and he is such a handsome boy
Congratulations, don't let him down!
 Congratulations! Little Charlie is adorable
That's a lot of days of very hard work and determination.   Glad you have Charlie.  (;
July, with chtulu
Congrats!  Can't let down Charlie!
Probably cheaper than Alcohol also!
That's adorable
Awwww he’s so cute do you know what breed he is?
The best boy
Congratulations and good for you
HI CHARLIE!!!!!
Congratulations!! Your new puppy looks so adorable!!
Well done! Have fun with your new furry friend!
Best gift ever
Great gift and even better gift for your health great job!
What a cutie!
Congratulations! He's absolutely adorable.
Where did you get him.
Ayyy I have a sober master
Congratulations! Aww what a sweetie! Is he perhaps named after the main dog from “All dogs go to heaven”?
What a wonderful way to both celebrate and motivate yourself, and making puppy plenty happy I'm sure. Congrats pal!
congratulations :) also he's so tiny. tiny. tiny.
Yessss! I love and support you! That’s amazing!
great way to commemorate. now live your life knowing that he will always love you, don't let him down ;)
It’s a unicorn!
Versus children who make you want to drink. Jokes aside I'm glad for you! That's a great accomplishment!!
I can get to day 4! Lol congrats on sobriety
This is so sweet. I wish you and Charlie all the best! On the hard days, do it for him.
Charlie will help you with your sobriety even more now. :’)
Nice, I love the last air bender!
That's my dogs name too. Congrats on 130!
Keep up the good work and say i to your fur bal for me
30k likes granted.
Congratulations! My mum passed the 2 year mark a couple days ago and said it was the best decision that she’s ever made. 
Keep going! You can do it!

(Also Charlie is absolutely adorable 🥰)
Two wholesome things in one post
Nice good luck
Kudos. I know how hard that can be❤️
♥️♥️for each of you
Beautiful pup and also keep it up and good luck with the sobriety!
Congrats on your new best buddy! I'm sure he'd be proud if he understood he's your motivation but I'm certain he's just happy
Keep it up! Your little friend needs the best you!
Congratulations!  One day at a time.
Happy birthday! You don’t just deserve Charlie, you deserve the whole stinking chocolate factory! ps: he’s beautiful!!
Congratulations!  You got this!  Charlie is adorable 😍
He and I are very proud of you!
Good for you!
Congratulations! Charlie is adorable!
he’s so adorable
What a fabulous reward!!
Great job!
Congrats, it is nice to give yourself a bit more responsibility. Hope you have 365 more.
You deserve him; he deserves you. Love to you both xx
Good luck! Stay sober... for Charlie
Well done, sir.
I'm so happy for the both of you!
Best sober gift ever! Congrats!
Congratulations on the recovery and the pup!!! He’s fucking adorable 😍
Cheers, I'll drink to that, bro. Wait..
Congratulations!! Great accomplishment! You got this, and now a little pupper that depends on you.
Well done! Many happy returns of the day! Scrubble that little head for me.
Congrats, stay hard.
Congratulations on your progress and your new best friend!!
Yo your setup brings some nostalgia feels over there, from my previous apartment where it was so comfy. 

Anyways, congrats on being sober for a year !!
Congratulations!!
Oh the memories you will make. Congratulations!
I promise that’s not a tear in my eye. It’s just allergies.
Congratulations OP, you've done a really good thing for you and for your new pupper. I wish you nothing but good things because you deserve it :)
Congrats!!!
I’m so glad. I’m pretty sure that stuff is bad for dogs
He looks like a Charlie. 
That’s a great and encouraging thing to do. Now you have a buddy that depends on you❤️
I AM SO HERE FOR THIS! Keep up the great work!!
Fuck yeah!! Another new furry chapter to a new way of life!
That should be a thing. Do a good thing, get a puppy.
Congratulations on your recovery. The dog is a little cutie  🐶💗
Awe congrats!!!! Good for you!!
Thats the best gift i can imagine. Congratulations!
Congrats on both the accomplishment and the puppy!
Ay congrats!
congrats on recovery and your new friend is adorable!! 🥺
Omg he’s perfect and second congratulations!
That’s awesome!
Great gift❤️
Dam hes cute
I've got three pups, and I remind myself everyday ... "Be the person your pup's think you are!"
Amazing! It's super cute. Congrats!
Perfect gift to keep yourself motivated!  Great job!
Good for you good luck
Is he a dog?
Congratulations on both😊😊
You got sober during quarantine? That's hard mode.  Congratulations.
Keep fighting my friend!
Ayyyy nice work bruh you deserve it
Keep it up
Congrats bro, and even better job at kicking alcohols ass 🤛🏻
Congrats! This is big! Keep it up!

Don't you let Charlie down!
Good on you bro !!
You can tell by his face that despite not knowing what's happening he's already proud of you
You deserve this pup and this pup deserves sober you 😁 good job
baby
Congrats!!!! We're all so proud of you!!!! ☺️☺️☺️
right on my guy, that’s quite the accomplishment! Charlie’s in great hands
SOOOO CUTE!
You both deserve it, congrats!!!
Adorable!!!
That’s awesome!! Keep going strong. Ps. Tell Charlie he’s a 20/10 goodest boi!
Someone got a set of corgi genes! Here's to the next 130 days!
Name!? Nice work. Keep it moving.
He’s adorable. Congrats on the sobriety. Great way to turn your healing into something pawsitive. :)
What a stinking cutie oh my gosh. Congrats on the pupper and sobriety :)
My last dog ate my staircase. Or rather, he mangled it. Tried to eat it, but it proved to be too large for him, he was only a cocker. I miss him.
It was a good trade
Keep going!!!!!
Awesome! Keep going broooo
And the kindest, sweetest  reason in the world.

My dad was an alcoholic. He passed three-year ago. 

Thank you for finding joy.
Good reminder and please look after yourself.
Congrats on the hard work!! Best of luck with recovery and your new puppy :)
Congrats for both dude
That's an awesome gift for an awesome accomplishment. I know it's been hard but keep going!!! Charlie's relying on ya
Congratulations! He's adorable!
Omg he is so cute💜💜💜💜
The real gift to yourself was taking back your life - keep going!
Congratulations 🎉 on both reason. 
Such a sweetie
Beautiful puppy... and good job... keep it up...
Get drunk off that sweet puppy breath.
He is very proud of you, man!
Congratulations, and hoping you're doing great!
Me " *Loud Gasp* Puppy!"
Congrats you n your sobriety Anytime you feel the urge  fall off the wagon remember Charlie needs you to take care of him
Best sponsor ever!
That’s super fantastic!! Keep up the good work. Am very proud of you and will keep you in my prayers 🙏 Charlie is so 😍 adorable 🥰🙏
One day at a time my friend keep on keeping on
Great job on both
What a cutie!  Well done, keep it going. One day at a time.
Weird flex 💪 but ok 👌
Congrats on recovery and Charlie!
Keep up the good work!
Congratulations!!
Congrats. I got a German Shepherd at 3 months sober and she keeps me grounded. I train her a lot and walk her twice a day.
Feet
Keep on trucking my friend> Nice dog :)
Congratulations!
Congrats to both of you! I cannot overstate the blessing my animals have been when I was dealing with hard situations. You will both enrich each others lives and I am so happy for you! And kudos to you on being 130 days sober!!
Congratulations! Pup is adorable!
I’m so proud of you!!!!
Good ole Charlie Barkley.
Me gusts cerveza
I will not drink with you today!
Congrats!  That is the perfect thing to get for yourself.
Congrats! I’m happy for you. My dog Benji came into my life at the right time as well. Post breakup and depressed about life course. Dogs sometimes are our best form of therapy
Congrats! Have a drink!
Way too cute!!!!
Congratulations on both! Look at that goodweeboi
Charlie is so adorable! Congrats on your sobriety. Charlie appreciates it more than you can ever know.
If you can learn to love him and take care of him, it may help you to love and take care of yourself. Congrats on the time.
that's a really cute dawg
Congratulations! ODAT.  + the dog is ADORBS!!
Charlie is adorable
Helllooooooo🎶🎶
Awesome!  Great job and Charlie was a magnificent gift to yourself!
I also gave up drinking at home because of sleeplessness in the middle of the nights unable to explain to my worried puppy why I am anxious, can’t sleep and am keeping him up as well. Best give it up for good.
Omg so cute! He looks like the cartoon strip puppy... Buddy? I can't remember the name of the comic. 😭
Congrats!!
He'll be your best bud!
I'm really proud of you. Keep it up. I've got 5 years in November.

Just remember to play the tape forward when cravings get bad. 💙
Good for you!  He’s a great reason for sobriety
,
Hell yeah dude, keep it up!!
Treat 'im well!
cutest gift! also very proud of you :)
i would do anything for him 🥺
Here's to a continued happy life of sobriety and puppy kisses!!!!!!
He looks like the goodest bestest boy!
Congrats man!
He's your sweet little therapy dog! God bless him.
Pets are such a good motivation to stay sober/healthy. Next time you see that beer bottle and think about being drunk, also think about that you wouldn't be able to take care of charlie. For me at least, it's always easier to do those things for others.

Congratulations on that awesome achievement and the cute furball addition to your family!
***just beat it***
That means that dog is at least 6 months old. I...doubt you, internet sir.
Congratulations on both your little cutie, and being sober 130 days!
Wake up, Charlie, were going to Candy Mountain.
Congrats and who's a good boy!
Owww Charlie! That’s my finger!!
Good way to celebrate. Keep up the good work, bud!
Congratulations to you both!
This kind of thing makes me happy cry
Congrats on your sobriety and Charlie!
["CHARLIE!"](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Iv6p-8tlgpo&t=1m3s)
Congrats on the puppy and being sober!

Also, did you know that you can watch Avatar on CBS All Access?
Congrats on 130 days! Charlie is adorable & i send him lots of pets
Congratulations
Fuck yeah
I'm really proud of you! Great job, and what a wonderful way to celebrate!
Congrats bro you know your really off the stuff when you stop counting the days keep it going budd
Congrats!!! I’m on a constant mental health journey, and I can assure you that on many occasions, it was my doggo that encouraged me to get up and go outside. Remember, progress not perfection!
This is super wholesome! Having a buddy will make it that much easier to stay sober, too! Here's to you and your new friend having many happy memories (and remembering them lol)
Congratulations!!!
Very awesome
Congrats and stay strong dude!
Congrats dude! Give him 130 pets!
Charlie is the most adorable!I also have a Charlie! They should be friends.
Wonderful! 👏
Awe bro bro you are killin it. Good for you.
I'm happy for you. Good job.
Geez so cute
Best gift ever 😎
Well deserved and congrats on your journey. Now you have a faithful companion who will not only go on this walk of sobriety with you, but he’ll also remind of how far you’ve come and how worth it it’s been. So beautiful
Awww how sweet. My girlfriend and I are in the process of catching a couple feral kittens, 1 out of 2 at the moment.
I’m jealous. I need to quit drinking
He is a cute pup! He is the gift that keeps on giving. As you will need to stay sober to take care of him. Way to go keep up the outstanding work!
Aww
A symbol of sobriety!
What a sweetheart!
Congrats man!! A Charlienis such a handsome boy!
Damn when I was 4 months clean I couldn’t afford a puppy. Cute dog, good luck!
Buy treats. Not pints.
Congrats!! You deserve all the love from Charlie
It’s my dogs birthday today too and she’s called Charlie! Happy belated adoption day to your Charlie and congratulations on your sobriety!

Edit: phrasing
What a great reward to yourself.  And Charlie.
Shiiiit, that’s a cute baby
Congrats man! Also, Ticket to Ride is the best board game ever!
Congratulations you deserved it
Awwwwww 🥰
Congratulations friend! Our sober dates are only a week apart. 137 days clean from alcohol, cocaine, and cannabis today.
Rip I'm sorry
Now you have someone there instead of alcohol
Do it for yourself and do it for Charlie.  He needs you now.
Proud of you and your progress, keep it up, if not for yourself for your little buddy
Hell yes my friend!! I got Jj (Jameson full name) a couple months before I got sober. But hes one of the reasons to keep going!!! Congratulations and happy new life :-)
Aw! He’s so cute! I hope every time you look at him or have a bad day you are reminded to stay sober and healthy. He will always be by your side.
Charlie thanks you
Grats my friend. I’m celebrating a year soon too.
Yaaaay!!!
Congratulations
I want to pet him so bad. 😫
He’s perfect ❤️
Starwars duels on the shelf. Another man of culture I see.
Good for you !
whole life without drinks what do i get
Fucking amazing! Congratulations and keep it going!
OMFG them FEETS!

Charlie's, of course
Congrats for giving Charlie a home! He's just as excited! Enjoy the walks and talks! Dogs are so therapeutic
You're amazing!  Congrats on 130 days :)
🎉😍
8years sober myself. Biggest lesson I’ve learned is - you are your own gift. Although a dog is also awesome
Congratulations man
He's wonderful!  Happy National Dog Day!  Best of luck during your continued recovery.
Congrats!! He’ll be waiting for you to come home safe and healthy everyday! Your #1 fan!
Congrats 🎉🎉 and you deserve him. Enjoy your gift/friend.
Woohooooo! Congrats!!
Congratulations! Keep it up.
Good for you buddy, almost 8 months for me!   I actually had one of those pesky dreams about booze last night and woke up feeling guilty, but it was great because I didn’t drink!
Ah! So cute and well done you
So much better than a picture of a coin, he's adorable. Enjoy your new awesome life with him.
What's the secret to sobriety?
one day at a time! you got this!
Congratulations on sobriety and your new family member! Every day you've accomplished something so huge respect to you for making another day in a new beginning. I don't have a first hand experience with alcoholism, but my mother is a recovering alcohol addict and I'm so proud of her. I've witnessed her struggles and I believe everyone overcoming an addiction should be recognised for their strength and determination in doing so. Charlie is beautiful, I'm sure he'll bring you much more strength and happiness :)
You should check out victoria stilwells its me or the dog on you tube to help train your puppy
yeah but now you're addicted to pupper love and you will never be able to give it up
Aww, so cute and congratulations!
Awesome! Stay strong.
Hi Charlie!
He looks so proud!
I could get drunk off those eyes. Gorgeous!!!
Congratulations.. I don’t know if I could even go one day sober
I hope you and Charlie are snuggling down for a night of avatar! Congratulations on your achievements and I’m glad you’ve got some pure love in your life 💕
Congrats! Today is 220 for me!
Aww, I love how small yet proportional he is.
So inspiring to see, I’m at the beginning of my journey, 11 days today to be exact, keep on keepin on!
Keep it up ODAAT!!
Good luck 🍀👍
Congratulations!
Keep it up dude! One day at a time!
amazing!!
Congratulations and congratulations!!!
Congratulations on all accounts!! Both are stellar achievements
Awww Little cute pie
Adorable! And congratulations.

Charlie was the name of my grandfather's doberman.
What a wonderful little gift! He’s so cute. Congrats on 130 days, that’s awesome.

I’m hitting 2 years in a few days and I honestly think my 3 dogs like me better sober. They definitely get way more attention this way! Keep it up. 🧡
Amazing great job
Congratulations!
Congratulations, but you really shouldn't have been giving alcohol to a puppy to begin with.
Chuckles the Charlie boy!
Congratulations!! I don't know you but I'm super happy and proud of you! I'm 29 days sober today. It's super hard but we got this. And I'm in love with Charlie <3 <3 <3
Cute pup!! Congrats :)
What an adorable face. Congrats.  You can do it.
How cute!  Congrats to you on 130 days and your new fur baby Charlie.
Treat yourself!!!!
Congratulations!
Congrats on the sobriety and your new furry friend!
I know you make good life choices because you own ticket to ride. The GOAT of board games.
Look at that face, please let him pick the movie
Yay!!!! Good for you! I’m on the path to sobriety myself. What an amazing gift. Good luck to you :)
Why would you wanna be sober that like so fucking boring
Great job on your sobriety!!  And you found such a cutie pie too!
Ahh Ticket to Ride, game that made my "family game night" to "Im gonna give you to someone just so I can adopt you once again".
Double congratulations!
Congrats! He’s an adorable little pupper! What breed is he?
Respect! Great job!
Congratulations!
I want to hold him in my arms as I weep in my loneliness
Omg is he ever cute and you can do this
Congratulations!!!
Congrats on 130 days sober dude! And Charlie is absolutely adorable. He'll make sure you stick to sobriety for as long as you need.
❤️
When things get hard for you think.about how that little one needs you and play the tape through! You will never regret making that choice. Congrats to you!
What a cutie
Whoop, whoop!! Keep it up bro! Congrats!  🎉
Congrats man! Wish you all the best to you and your new friend.
Question - has there been any studies to see if this actually helps with sobriety ...?
Congratulations. 6 years here. 

Just remember that little face when things get tough. He will love you no matter what.
Best sober gift ever!!
Congratulations and so adorable, what kinda breed is he?
Congrats! Cute doggo
Thats not impressive at all. You're just pathetic
Isn’t it best to avoid being responsible for another life for the first year being sober?
What an adorable pup!
Congrats!!
No way anybody would want to disappoint that little guy!
Good for you bud!
Super cute pup! Congratulations. Keep it up!
Congratulations on your recovery! Stay strong!
Charlie and you will have a great life together. Congratulations to both of you. Good luck with the potty training!
Do it for Charlie!!
He's cute! On a personal note, I have 10 years sober and life is so so so much better with a clear head. Keep doing it and take charge of your life. Especially now that you've got a little one depending on you:) Congratulations!
Ironic..my jerk makee me drink. Some days a real butthole
Good for u! Stick with it!
Congratulations brother
He’s gonna grow so much !
What kind of dog is this and WHY ARE YOU NOT PETTING HIM
Great job! Great dog!
Hi Charlie! Also congrats on 130 days! It works if you work it.
Team Roku!
If I’ve ever seen a reason to stay sober, Charlie is definitely a fantastic one. I hit six years this June, and I can say with full confidence that the best thing for sobriety is a loving support system (and allowing yourself to recognize and feel that love). He looks perfect for that. Best wishes moving forward.
Congratulations!! That's the cutest trigger distraction I've ever seen;)
Those ears!!!
Congrats!!! Good for you!!!!
Congratulations!  I know how challenging sobriety can be!  Enjoy your puppy - dogs are truly the best!
Stay strong I am 340 days sober. It gets easier! Stay positive, motivated, and active!
Congrats!! Good way to reward yourself❤
Congratulations! I’m so proud of you. Charlie will make everything worth it. Well done!
As he grows, so shall you. Congratulations on your victory!
My best to you and your little baby!! He will be love and cared for and be your best friend!!
Cheers ill drink to that
Aaaadorable! and congratulations. Cheers to something positive and wonderful. Firelord Ozai would be proud.
Oh what a cutie. Congratulations on getting sober
Be the kind of person that your dog thinks you are.
Congratulations, it means much more than anything, it’s life)
You deserve Charlie!!!
I didn’t know dogs could be alcoholics, but either way. Congratulations
Congrats on 130 days sober
Congrats! I got a pup a few months after getting sober as well. She’s done wonders for my anxiety and coping abilities. Over 4 years sober now!
Congrats! And good taste in board games, too (Ticket to Ride)
Dogs complete us.
Imagine how many dogs you'll have after a few years sober.

Lets take five years as an example; (365*5)/130=14!

You should consider if you have the space for housing 14 dogs, and the income to take proper care of them.

Also.. Jk, congratz on your achievement ;-)
Congratulations! What a cutie
Proud of you!
Congratulations that number is no small feat
Congrats for making thus far, and Charlie is so sweet looking
That’s great! Stick with the program for him! Some people think something to care for solves their problems, but addiction does not care how much you love another. You have to use that little cutie pie to remind you why it’s important to stick with your program, not a reason you don’t need it anymore. (Not accusing you of this, but I’ve known alcoholics who think that way)
He’s sweet! Good reward-a great relationship . Keep your head up! Your worth it!  We almost have the same thing on tv!!
Congratulations on both!
Congrats! Good luck to both of you !
That's so awesome.  Take the very best care of yourself!!
Well done. That shit is not easy. Sobriety and puppies lol. But seriously, good job. ♥️❤️
Congrats on getting sober and in so doing buying a thing that was appropriate to share on the internet. Makes one wonder what kind of drunken gifts you used to get?
he’s a very s m o l boi
I love him and I love you. Keep going!!!!
Good job
Nice toes
I'll take 20
You have to stay sober now, for a little Charlie. You owe it to him :-)
r/mademesmile
Keep up the good work!!! Associate with like minded people, it will help when tough times come.
Great job! Fantastic
Congratulations!!! That’s an amazing accomplishment! Good luck with your journey!
Proud of you and he looks proud of you too! Or hungry. I can’t tell.
Way to go! And how can you possibly say no to this daily reminder?? :D Well done, keep it up!
Maybe cross post this into r/stopdrinking.
Congrats! Keep it up!
haha dog
Even more reason and encouragement to stay strong. Nothing is more motivating than being depended upon by someone you love and who loves you.
I prefer cats, but if you must have a dog?

Good choice.
Congrats!!!
Why did you get a fat human as a sober gift?
Do it for Charlie!
I am not even 1 second alcohol free... Cheers...
What great inspiration Charlie is , good on you
Why is Avatar on CBS?
  Cheers
Your dog has my name. It's a little weird.
A little angel!
Best gift ever! The dog is adorable too.
Holy shit that dog is adorable
Dogs are freaking rock stars
He's so cute I almost started crying.
Heck yeah!
I mean he is cute, but you being sober for over 130 days is better!!!!
Congratulations, I'm so happy you. I just got a year sober and I feel like your buddy will help you stay sober. Stay strong and give Charlie scratches from me.
Congratulations. Huge accomplishment!
Congrats, you better be a gift to him...  -.-
Yay!! I’m so proud of you!! I hope you and Charlie have the best, healthy, happy life ever!! 💕
Congrats bro. I beat and continue to fight back addiction everyday. Best decision I ever made. Awesome pup as well!
Congratulations- you should be proud! Keep strong-
My niece was born a week before I got married so every year I feel like “my marriage is this big”. 

Now you can do that. “My sobriety is this big” “my sobriety is a good boy!!’”

Congratulations on your sobriety and on your new best friend

Side story, my dog is the reason I lost 145 lbs. She needed walks. I walked her. I lost weight. She saved my life. Dogs are the fucking best.
Do it for Charlie!
Way to go bro!
Congratulations dude!
How did you stop drinking?
Why do i see that pillow as your belly?
Keep it up, bro!
Well now he's your sober gift to all of us 🙂
Tell Charlie that I love him and if he ever needs someone to talk to I’m there.
Congrats bro that shits tough keep it u!
Shoutout to cute dogs and sobriety.

It's not an easy journey, but you're doing well. Take it day by day and before you know it your dog will be a fully grown pupper.
Congratulations!!
Congrats. Good luck on your journey.
Did you notice the p-hub logo on your screen?
Congrats on your recovery and new furiend!!
Congrats!
Congrats to you on your sobriety!!! And congrats to Charlie for being your greatest support system from now and forever!!!!!
Congratulations! That’s amazing! I can’t imagine how hard it must have been for you going 130 days without alcohol, but to reward yourself with such an adorable fluffy boy is awesome. You deserve it. 

I hope you and Charlie have an amazing life together!
HECK YEAH!
Good for you and Charlie! Live life!!!
WHAT KIND OF DOG IS THIS?
Keep going, don’t give up being sober!
One day at a time!
Congratulations, bro
hi CHARLIE!
Ugh. How the fuck did you pull it off, OP? Last time I tried I hit 120 and cashed my AA chips in for a half a dozen drinks. 
Congrats, dude. Cute pup for sure. Keep up the good work!
Congratulations dude! And that baby is adorable af!
That's amazing.  What a way to reward yourself and you'll always have a reminder what you've accomplished!
Congrats! I just hit 2 yrs 8 months and I've never felt better.
What a good boy! You deserve this.
Congrats I'm 60 days today! Keep up the awesome work
Is he a “Charles” or a “Charlie”?
Also it's  the right choice  to watch avatar.
I'm going to fucking cry
Congratulations...target now is 130 years. Say hi to Charlie. He looks awesome.
Good job being sober for 130 days!!! So proud since my dad drinks too much but refused to stop, so I’m really happy you went sober! Charlie is such a cute little pup!!!!
As someone who struggles with alcohol....good job.  It gets better.  Time is a good thing.  I adopted a kitty during covid to help with my cravings.  It has helped alot.  Keep in mind the world is much better with you sober than not....good work!
He’s your accountability partner now! Life’s gonna change for the better 🤗
That's honestly the best reward system I've heard of
Congrats dude!
Well done and well deserved!
Congratulations-he looks like he's got spunk.  To a long, happy and healthy life.
My 14 year old pup was adopted at 10 by me when the people who bought her from us (she was my childhood dog’s puppy) split up and his alcoholism led him to neglect her and abandon her with us. She used to puke from anxiety since they fought all the time and he would get drunk daily and yell. She doesn’t puke anymore because nobody in my house yells and drinks like that. Your baby will know when things are going bad. They will also know when you are thriving. Keep yourself happy and sober for your baby. They will know! I’ve seen my baby recover and heal while living with me after the 10 years of stress down the street with her old family. She is still alive and was going to be dumped at a shelter and put down at 10 because she was gray if we didn’t foster her and then adopt her. She is going to die in the home she was born now a happy old pup now.
Nice job that’s really hard.  I’m coming up on five years myself. I know that they clean and sober me is much better for all the animals in my life;  You will make Charlie happier the way you are now
Congrats, friend!
Bubba gonna help you stay clean by never leaving you alone.
Charlie is cute!
What a great accomplishment, congratulations! Charlie’s great too!
Damn mate, hope the days keep comin! I’ve been on and off the booze a lot lately
Congrats! Stay strong for you and your little buddy!
Firstly: D’awwww!

Secondly: Congrats on 130 days!
That's awesome. You should celebrate with a drink! Lol jk
One day at a time.
Good boye
Many happy days with this good boy to come. I’m happy for you and congratulations on your sobriety.
You are not free if you keep counting.
Ticket to ride? Huzzah a man of culture!
 Congrats to you and Charlie is absolutely adorable
Congratulations on your milestone. I’m sure that wasn’t easy. My pupper helps me feel loved every day. Remember he’s counting on you. And he’s damn cute.
Good for u man
Now you have to stay sober.
Amazing bro! Cute friend to help you keep going. Cool boardgames too!
Keep it up it gets better
Ticket to Ride!
I don’t know you but I feel so proud of you and admire the choices you’ve made! I can tell you and Charlie have a bright future ahead!  💛🙏🏼
The start (and continuation) of two great adventures!
As honestly and non-sarcasticly as a can, good for you reddit stranger
Well done! A well deserved gift!
Congrats Keep up the good work!
Your Charlie looks exactly like my Charlie as a puppy! Is he a Mini Australian Shepherd or regular Australian Shepherd?

Edit: just read your replay to another comment that he's Corgi and Shiba Inu.. Disregard that part haha
Any tips on being sober? I’m trying at the moment and it’s been kind of hard for me
I want a sober gift
Charlie is definitely in the top 3 dog names ever
Congratulations.  One day at a time.🌞
Congrats! Take it one day at a time.
Pointless backstory for karma
Your dog just wants to play Ticket to Ride
Fuck. Yeah. Keep killing it.
What does the green award mean?
Don’t forget, you being sober is your gift to him. Stay strong for Charlie, he wants the best for you.
WTG!Good for you! 🤩
Congrats dude! I just quit on Sunday, its been rough. Other than the boredom, the hot flashes have been the worst. Hope I can make it as long as you!
Congratulations!
Make Charlie proud :)
Aww, little lad
Congratulations!
Those are two things you will love in life. A puppy and being sober.
I gave away my free award to soon. Darn Im so proud of you man what a cute puppy! Here’s some gold 🥇
Congratulations! What a cute companion!
really proud of you
Great job
That is awesome, good for you man!!
I wish you luck on your journey mate
Way to go and keep up the good work!!
He is now famous
I totally get you with having a dog my puppy is life gives me a reason to exist !!
Nice job! I made it 2 and a half weeks recently! I’m not much but good start for me!
Congrats, defently treat for such a even. Keep it going!
Seems risky to me.  Like people having kids to try and save their marriage.
I'm on my 360th day congrats!
Grats! Have a drink in celebration!
I wasn't the best cat dad to Ava...I wasn't my most drunk state of life either.  But she loves me sober and I love her to bits
Cograts! It gets easier every month from here on out. So many never make it past three or four. You're worth it!
Stay sober for him. Please.
Everything about this is amazing
Good good good.. Now keep that puppy alive... Metaphorically too👍🏼🇺🇸👍🏼
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHH _congratulations_ HHHHHHHHHHHH!
Congratulations on both the sobriety and your new companion!
Avatar, a man of culture
Happy for you man, stay sober!
Keep up the great work!!
HOW CUUUUUUUTE
If you use again you’ll have 60 thousand people pissed off
Yayyyyyyy!!!!!! So much happiness to you both!!!!!
Should name him chip (like a sobriety chip)
This gives me all the warm feels.  Congrats on both.
Congratulations!
Is that a corgi dachsund mix or something?
Congrats! He is freakin' adorable. Hopefully he is helping you out
Dude NICE!
And he’s depending on u to stay that way 🥰🥰 you can do it for him!!!
I can’t wait to meet my Charlie. Finally down to working just one job for the first time in a long while. I now have the time to meet my new best bud.
He is definitely the best damn motivator!
Omg he is such a cute little puppy.❤️ 🐾
Please, please stay sober so you can give him a good life.  He is counting on you!
I like this side of the internet better where everyone is kind.
I am 1,843 and the first 30 were the hardest for me. The second 30 weren't that great either, but after that it got easier and easier.

You got this.

Also, cool dog.
Congratulations on your pup and sobriety.  I just passed 1100 days myself - 1 24 hrs at a time.
One of the cutest things I’ve ever seen legitimately
OMG awwwww
Congrats
My pup was coincidentally born on my clean date. We are one year and a few months strong now and he is my everything!!!
Make him proud
Daaaw congrats on sobriety. my corgi passed in April and she was my rock. Where did Charlie come from?
Congrats dude. I got sober around the same time, it's so worth every second, as hard as it may be sometimes! I wish you and the little dude a lifetime of sober adventure!
Dogs are personally my favorite drugs. Bad day? Love the dog. Stressful situation? Pet doggie
Perfect, and on international dog day!
Omg he’s such a cutie
Congratulations!!! We're all cheering for you! He's adorable!
Hey man, congratulations.  Can you share with me what got you through the first 30 days? Does it get easier? How much were you consuming? I have a roommate that drinks 1-2 pints of whiskey per day.
Now you OWE that dog. If you pick up he may still be loyal, but his happiness will be stolen and destroyed, his little spirit painfully damaged. He doesn't deserve that. He's innocent for God's sake.  Prove you deserve his love. Earn it. Do right by him. Don't let us down! And call your sponsor! Meetings, meditation, and masturbation! The Best Is Yet To Come!
😭 so adorable 😍
he is literally the best doggo ever
He is so cute
The gift that keeps on giving.
Keep it up dude
Congratulations! Stay strong for him
He’s gonna need you for many many many years! be the best human for him. Congrats  and a big hug.wonderful
That human is pretty cute! Im glad you got over it little pupper
Don't give up before the miracle happens, the promises of sobriety are real!
You got an accountabillabuddy!
He baby
Good job with your sobriety. One day at a time.
awwww congrats friend <3
I hope you keep it up op 5years in and my life is so mutch better for it, redescovered my passion for making and art. Also that pip is sooooo cute. Lol after eachother :)
Awww  😍 Charlie is so precious!
Good job on staying strong! I’m proud of you!!
I would consider my dog a gift too if it maintained its sobriety for that long.
But alas.
You can do it mate
Woot woot! Congrats to you for keeping it working through all this. I’m almost a year and 9 months and love it!
67 days AF myself! I'm very proud of you, our climb is difficult but the view is so worth it. I thought I had a good sober gift with my daily soda, I'm thinking maybe I should do the same!😂
Noiceee!
Good on you, Dude!  Keep it up!
Charlie is the best present you can give to yourself, after choosing to be sober. Congrats on 130 days!
Congratulations on both counts! That’s not easy and you should be proud. Use the extra energy you get from not drinking on the pup that will take all of it but in a much healthier way! :D
I have known the struggles of addiction as an outsider all too well, although I was an outsider I've been involved enough to know just how difficult of a journey it is to sobriety. You're 130 days strong and you'll see an endless amount of days to come! Congratulations and give Charlie all the love and affection in the world!
Way to go! And also, OMG what a cutie
He’s so worth it!
mazel tov! proud of you.
I know I'm just a Reddit stranger, but I'm so very proud of you! You're incredible and strong and I'm so happy you have Charlie to share many happy and sober years with!
The best gift ever!!! Proud of your progress!! And remember everytime you look at your pup, how much he deserves a sober you!! So proud!!
Congrats!  What breed is Charlie?  Such! a cutie, TIA
Holy shit that's awesome! Congrats!!!
IWNDWYT
Congratulations! Now you'll always have a reminder of what a strong will you have!
Way to go man! I’m at 1,555. Time has flow by!
Hit play on that ATLA & ALOK and expose the little guy to some more awesome.
Such a cute pup and Congrats! Keep goin one day at a time!
The only way to get the Ternion All-Powerful Award is through adorableness
Congrats! I just hit 11 weeks this last Sunday. Keep up the fight!
They're fantastic animals, every family should have at least 2 if you ask me.
Congratulations.  I just passed 180 days (184!).  The best days of your life started the day you went sober my friend!  Enjoy your fur baby!
Mine 23 days free.. love u bro .. i am gonna push forwars seeing u.
He’s counting on you. You’ll do great.
Dogs- one of the very best things about sobriety. 24+ years for me. Keep on keeping on!
He’s perfect
Awesome man. Hopefully I can get there
Great going..best is yet to come...
I’ve always wondered what my dog looked like as a puppy, I think I found it. Almost exact, down to his white socks up front. Congrats!
Congratulations. Hang in there it gets better. I am celebrating 20 years on Friday, and I didn't think I'd make it 20 days. It can be done. Go to AA if you aren't already there, they can help.
Lil ball
I’m going to try and get sober
cutie
Congrats and he is adorable!
Okay, but Avatar and Korra in the background <3
Congratulations! First year is hell. A brand new life awaits!
Great job buddy!  And perfect reward too!!
The o
Near impossible to care for a dog if you are drunk or wasted. Good motivator.
This is such a cute way to treat yo self and celebrate! Congratulations friend! You got this!
