At first i thought the stick was like... shoved through the phone lol
The music made me suffer

Edit: damn so many updoots thanks bros and sises
Serious question, why do they add that jank ass child music?
What the shit was that music in the background.
Wtf is that music?
Oof the music track is so bad.
This is my least favourite genre of music.
*Meanwhile at the Apple Store*

“Sir, how do these phones keep breaking and why is it covered in drool?”
That was awesome but I almost fell off my toilet seat from the spins
cute dog but god that music is unpleasant to the ears
First days of owning a new phone: placing it on surfaces with the force of a feather falling on the moon

After a week: taping it to a stick and yeeting it across the park for it to be bathed in doggie saliva
What’s with the Freddie Kruger nursery rhyme horror music?
What's with all this shitty music on videos nowadays?
[deleted]
Would be better without the creepy music
What the fuck is that music? Doesn’t fit at all
Could we please stop putting unrelated music on our gifs?
Fuck this song
Stupid fuckkng music jfc
Well I totally thought that stick was through the screen...!
What the fuck is the music? God. Just make a video without a fucking backing track.
So this is why cell phone insurance costs $20 a month...
Why does every video posted here have a soundtrack now? So annoying.
You do know GoPros exist right? You’ll save a few phones if you get one
This is one of those that is much better to watch on mute
Nursery Rhymes Bass Boosted Trap Remix
there's so much wrong with this... the music, how he  threw his phone... but its still cute
What the fuck is that abomination of a song?
Why the fuck would you add this to a video ever?

How fucking dare you do this?
Im about to have a fucking stroke
I can fuckin feel the left side of my face beginning to droop.
Hope you're fucking happy

Fuck you like the rest of your opponent's deck with your head and cough your flu like the flu 

Fuck you
The music makes this really shit
People in first world countries really be throwing their phones around
Aww so cute 😍 but goddamn it's a bad call to try remixing kids' songs. Just absolutely terrible music. Eee
What's with the dumbass music?
Cancerous music
Dog then precedes to run into lake with stick
Stop adding terrible music to these cute videos. This trend needs to stop now. It sucks to have to mute every video.
Does anyone remember the time when all videos didn't just have some song stuck in the background of them? Fucking tiktok.
The music sounds like something straight out of a horror movie
I love this, but why a trap remix of “row your boat”? That just seems so odd lmao
so adorable but jesus christ did i mute this video fast
Goddamn that music is horrid
This music just gave me some sort of childhood PTSD flashbacks. Wtf. What in gods name was that shit?!?
God who makes this fucking music
what was that music
awful brainlet music
My friend is a vet and she has to remind us that throwing sticks for dogs is a really bad idea. I had a hard time with this because what's more natural than throwing a stick for a dog, right? But she has seen so maybe injuries to the mouth and face from splinters and impacting with the stick that she knows it's bad for the animal. Throw a ball or other soft toy instead.
Everyone's talking about the terrible music selection, but I want to know why we get about 1 second of the dog with the stick in his mouth. Isn't that the entire reason for the video in the first place? Instead, we get to see the guy throw the stick, we get to see the stick being thrown, the dog grabs it and it's over. Terrible.
I feel as though this person put in a lot of time to try and make this video feel cool to watch.

But knowing that somehow makes it uncool.
Half an hour ago we put down
My 17 year old puppy. I’m glad I saw this. It bring me warmth.
i fucking swear the music-
Fuck this music. Stop putting shitty music over your videos.
Some people have to much money 😂
A word to the wise....many dogs are injured chasing sticks. They can stick in the ground like javelins and the dogs run onto them. Awful way to hurt your own pet :o(
Can we please stop using this shitty songs for this videos? I really don't understand it.
I just got ear cancer from this
It's the new puppy sefie stick titled IPuppy made by Apple and you can own it for the low price of $99.99 plus taxes
My neighbours dog got impaled on a stick while playing fetch and apparently it happens all the time. Now if I throw a stick I’ll throw it sideways so it can’t stick in the ground.
Is that a fox tarrier?
Too much footage of man and not enough of doggie.
Can we ban r/aww gifs with music in it?
The shortest fucking part of this video is the dog carrying the stick. Who edited this?
You're clearly a professional, amazing edit and idea
Brilliant editing!
This thread is full of two things. People who hate the song and hate anyone who likes it and people who dont understand that an old unused but functioning iphone is the cheapest option to make a dumb but cute video like this.
It’s a cool post and all but please make this annoying music stop

Edit: I thought people would think it’s rude when I would straight up say I hate the music but everyone here also hates the music so here goes nothing:

I hate that damn background music
I am now nauseated. Cute dog though.
Headache from the spinning
And that everybody is how a dog took a selfie for the very first time! Or as you might want to call it a DOGFIE!
There was so much bass
I have never had an issue throwing a phone. I once threw my phone ten feet into a wall to prove a point that I wasn't scared about it breaking. Why? Because I don't have an apple. Never had an issue. Then I got my current job, and my work issued phone is an Apple. Broke the very first trip I took with it, fell less than a foot out of my pocket to the ground while I was crouching. The whole screen is spider-webbed. Ridiculous.
I thought he penetrated his phone with a stick and the tape was his cracked screen
Stick point of view
that went way better than the device design let on
Wtf is that audio, can we just not have videos with the og sound rather than shitty songs pasted over?
Ok I was searching through my tabs, looking for the source of this creepy music without realizing it’s coming from this video.
Cute vid interesting music choice to say the least
I always view these videos without sound and whenever I see comments about how terrible the music is I am thankful for this habit.
Reading all comments I'm glad I disable sound on Reddit by default. That being said, were this a gif, it would be great for r/gifsthatendtoosoon
Played this with my Bluetooth connected to my trucks stereo. Damn that bass hit hard.
Where’d the phone go at :05?
It’s established that the phone is taped to the stick and that we’re going to watch the footage of the stick-cam. But then the camera is suddenly snaking along the grass towards the man and there’s no camera taped to his stick? I’m confused
Now that was creative lol
Good luck with that phone.  Electronics DO NOT like shock.
This is from Jordi Koalitic on Instagram. Although the music sucks, he actually has a ton of great tips for photographers.

I wish I was allowed to link to his work.
Not sure why the photographer is not mentioned, but he is amazing. You can find him on his IG @jordi.koalitic
Stupid music
cute but almost made me throw up
Nice selfie stick
that was the dumbest song ive ever heard
Who the fuck makes a cool video like this and decides "Hmm. This could really use some shitty nursery rhyme remix"
Do people think these stupid and loud songs make their videos better?
Thanks, this gave me motion sickness
WTF is this music?
I'd like to echo the room in saying "fuck this song!" and the other trash beats popularized on TikTok
This gave me a headache ngl
What song is this?
Now this is the kind of selfie stick we can all fully support.
The most expensive gopro
fuck this version of the song
So since everyone is complaining about the music, I will take this chance to gloat  and say that I had the video on silent, since I am using my computer for music at the moment.  This means that this video was playing to one of my favourite songs, so to me, the video was perfect.  I don't know why I wrote such a long comment just to say fuck you I have good music and didn't have to suffer.
Please keep the jungle beats out of nursery rhymes.
20 second video, but were really only here for the last 4 seconds.
That doggo is happy :) look at that grin!
Unbelievable, he looks nearly the same as he would have in a normal video.
So cute but so dizzying.
Motion sickness is real here
Might be time to get a GoPro.
r/praisethecamerastick
This precious angel should be protected at all costs
I assume you used your burner phone to attach to the stick.
Did the video just end, where the footage of the thrown camera started?

...Why?
Only with an iphone
That rotating stick was trippy AF.
u/vredditdownloaddr
You got some guts to yeet a phone like that. I can't do it.
I physically couldn’t stop myself from going “what a good boy” when watching this
Ok but am I the only one who wants to know if the phones ok?
❤ Lovely
Someone buy him a go pro
POV you are stick
i need more
[removed]
Budget go pro
Hope you got the insurance
i think that this video is very funny. this image is edited because it uses three cameras. i do not think that all of this video was made by the same camera because there are three angles. i think that this dog is cute. the dog is catching the stick and it does not know that there is a camera because dogs are not smart like people but the dog is still smart though. i am not saying that the dog is stupid i am sorry. i like dogs.
18,000th updoot!
Motion sickness , "watch this, I am about to end this man's career."
Thanks for doing this so we don’t have to!
Imagine if the phone landed in poo
he has a big brain though :D
I love this!!!
👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻😁
It's no stupid if it works !
Looks like a commercial for dogs.
O vídeo perfeito kkk
Damn that mix slaps. Gonna play it for my 4 year old
Rip that phone
Stick good
That made me so dizzy
Really just taped an iPhone to a stick and threw it
POOR PHONE :<<
Mildly nauseating, but very fun nonetheless.
Bruh almost pierced your dog with a stick yo
Okay, this is cute. Though I thought the camera was tied to a string when he threw it at first lol
What in stabilization
That song tho and happy dog
Song isn’t even that bad tbh. I’ve heard way worse.👌
Aaaand that’s how phone explosions occur
Se eu fizesse, iria dar super errado
Cool idea!
Gotta love those Loopy Cases
Worst way to throw a stick for a dog. Don't throw sticks. Your dog could injure himself massively.
How many recording devices were actually used here?
At 0:05 there is no phone on the stick.
Okay, but who the fuck just throws a phone
Rat terrier?
Can anyone give me the link to the music? It is really really bad in the case of this video but I love that enigmatic, horror-movie vibes
Someone tell this guy about gopros
My head started spinning for this One
I feel like the knife that killed shepherd
Not the best song choice. Wtf
The spins made my stomach start spinning
This video made me so anxious and I don’t know why.
So that's how the rich plays with their dogs now
This dog is awesome when it comes to recording videos, we need more dogs like em
It was all worth it just to see his cute smiley face
He should've used a selfie stick
The phone...
Up vote for not saying pupper doggo or any of that stupid crap
I expected Skyrim when the stick spun rapidly...
S/o all my motion sickness peeps out there who almost yacked on their phone/computer watching this 😂😂
Am I the only one who feels dizzy watching this? 😄
I am groot
That's the absolute worst music I've heard this week
Aw! This is the best!
its so happy aww <3
I wonder if picking stuff up makes dogs feel like they're imitating humans.
Cute bodeguero!
Music is so bad, why are people constantly doing this to videos? I'd much rather hear the actual audio than whatever that was.
DIY selfie stick for dogs :)
Worth it!
Love this.
This was stolen from a tik tok account, right?
Just yeet your phone
Nice soundtrack, stupid.
This made me dizzy as fuck
PSA: Don't throw sticks. A few years ago my dog got a stick jammed in the back of his throat from a game of fetch. Stick was thrown and its landing stuck wrong as he went for it. He is fine now...but trust me you don't want that ride to the vets.  USE TENNIS BALLS
Loll
Great idea !!  He definitely likes it.  You're a good dad. :)
I love this I want a dog
Mission Accomplished Cute Dog AWWWWEEEE
Well that’s one way to lose a phone
Gawd the music is so lame
Uploading without giving credit...
The video gave me a headache when the stick was rotating around lol
Que my own anxiety for that persons phone
This is why GoPros exist. So you dont have to throw your phone to the ground.
I’m dizzy
Attention seeking on a new level
Your fucked when the phone misses the grass and it hits concrete
To doge is to :D
r/bettereveryloop
Thought he shoved the stick through the phone
Faux rire. The case where people don’t feel a connection with animals beyond human mimicry. The dog is happy af, but don’t mistake his gravity/motion-induced grimace for a smile. I confess to blatant gatekeeping.
Cod killcams be like
Dude, dogs and thrown sticks are a bad combination. Be very, very careful.
I felt dizzy watching that.
This is too adorable
Anyone pretend the stick was your broom and your flipping in a quidditch match
15 seconds of lead up and spinning, 4 seconds of the footage that all this was prep for capturing......
Best mix ever. OP wins everything!
What an odd video.
That's amazing!!!
Is that recorder Nokia?
I had to watch this three times before realizing the phone was taped to the stick.
I tried this with my black lab once who loves fetching sticks. He was too afraid of the camera to pick up the stick.
That's so awesome!!! There's also action camera with protective cases under 30$ for these stunts if you didn't know
Let me just tape a stick to my 1200 dollar phone and chuck it
Squaretrade company hates him
This is the song me and the boys vibe to
Wow
bruh the phone...
That’s what she said....
You know, i love this video so much man.. The sheer enjoyment dogs get out of playing fetch. Made my day bro.. Thanks a ton
Worth the motion sickness
pog selfie stick
Just make my whole week
Uwk
damn thats cute but what about the phone? its probably super damaged
Dog selfie stick
Wtf did you stab your phone with a stick for this? Epic dude. Epic.


Edit: I just noticed it was taped to the side.
Duuuude, anyone know the name of the song??
r/gifsthatendtoosoon
🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰
Awww
Dog selfie stick
These transitions are going to start breaking the space-time barrier.
The stick’s last moment
All fun and games until he wont give the stick back
dont attempt this with an old nokia phone pls
Why isn't the phone taped to the stick on the cut away?
🤩🐶
I’m not sure why but I thought he was playing Pokémon go
I don't appreciate being thrown in the air but it was pretty cute seeing the dog's face so I'll allow it.
Top quality content right there
;; lol where’s the rest. That was like three steps. I wanna see the whole run!!!
I like the music. I don’t care what you silly geese think.
Back in my days, we used a GoPro for these things
The content i need to see
What the fuck is that music?
R/filmmaking
r/confusingperspective
But when I say it it sound like He looks so happy with his dick
This could of been ur million dollar ticket to the moon..
The best selfie stick
Music sounds like something the US would use at Gitmo to break people down mentally
https://youtu.be/O2pjt_4ppkM for those looking for it, here’s the song!
My dog would have gone for the phone
He still throws a fucking iPhone. Rich ass.
YSK to not throw a stick like that for a dog. They can get stuck in the ground and the dog can possibly get it jammed into their mouth. Always throw it sideways.
Go pros exist
My dog would end up chomping down on the phone.

Also how did you break through the reddit emoji barrier?
The video is... good.

The music is... bad.
First selfie stick for dog
This is the only selfie stick I approve of
Selfie stick.
Aaaaand i am dizzy
R/redneck engineering
This in vr would be sickening
That fits r/praisethecameradog
Thanks for the seizure
Cute and all, but My Question: Why the fuck is there a children's song trap remix?
normally I would be pissed with the audio but that shit slaps great video.
Made me smile 🥰
I almost passed out from dizziness
NOKIA 3310 5G I GUESS
What is this god awful song? The drum loop isn’t even aligned, just /r/makemesuffer
This clip is cute and all... but yo send a playa a link to this track! This shit slaps!
Finally an acceptable use for an Apple iPhone, thrown to a dog.
Uh, does he know GoPro is a thing? 
I don't think he knows....
Should we tell him?
Doggo selfie
Does anybody else absolutely fucking hate the sound of singing children?
The song gave me cancer. Thanks.
This made me so dizzy
Best watched on mute.
I don’t get the hate for the music. It sounds great to me. I can’t be the only one.
How many takes did it take to have the camera pointing at his face?
You know what, I actually love how polarizing the music is among “the people who are actually leaving comments”. Reddit is mostly lurkers anyway, and I bet they couldn’t give two shits of a tail wiggle either way about what’s coming through.
[removed]
One of those guys who shows up at an apple store to get his screen fixed every 3 months
Dog selfie stick
that is a fetchie friendly phone!

selfie + fetchie == world domination
Is the stick happy? The dog? The guy??.. please somebody answer! 

😂
... can we talk about the horrible music?
Some people give up dogs for breaking phones. You are not one of these people.
That's nice but what is up with that music
Could do without the music
Who picked this music 🤣
Cant get over how bad that bass is. It sounds like when a mic picks up someones leg accidentally hitting their desk
Wtf is up with the dubstep row your boat?
* Video: 10/10
* Audio: -100/10

Holy shit, that was a terribad music choice!!
I love this so much, but after watching it 5x I am now feeling nauseated!
This is the music that your local drug dealer would use if they were to start up their own ice cream van.
Ever heard of a GoPro camera lol
What in the fuck is this music choice
Yeah, let’s wrap a bunch of tape around a cell phone and throw it. Definitely a great idea.
Genius
Mini foxy?
A fetching image, for sure.
this is that good shit
*throws phone*
It’s a dogs selfie stick
Any post with a song these days is an automatic downvote from me. I don't want this fad to stick at all. I can't do this alone.
There was no reason for this to go so hard lmao
How many times did it take to get the camera angle just right when the dog picks up the stick?
Anyone who has a dog, please don't throw a stick like this! 

When I was very small, my dad threw a stick in this way and as my dog chased after it, the stick got lodged into the softer ground and it pierced through my dog's chest! 
After a rushed emergency visit to the vet he was very lucky to be alive and live for many years after.


Please throw your sticks sideways dog owners!
What's with awful music in every reddit video
Omg I so love this and the idea of it was Genius
Whoever thought this song was a good fit needs to fuck themself with that stick
I thought that the phone was stuck through at first.
Saw this content 12 hours ago on Instagram... could have reposted then for all the karma 🤷🏻‍♂️
I wish we got more of the video with the dog actually in it.
Looks like an expensive trick
Such a sweet puppy. Love his coloring.
Holy shit.
I’ve had like 8 dogs in my life and not one of them ever fetched a stick
150 iq stick
Anyone know what the song in the background is?
I love it. Now I'm going to do it.
Brilliant tactic for a camera angle. TAKE MY UPVOTE!
this made me so dizzy
What a cute little pupperino
Yeah 😅
What's the song!!??
I saw it without audio, then comments made me curious about the music
Ah yes, serenade my ears with "Nursery rhymes (for kids) (trap remix)"
So this video, has 105, 000 points, 130+ gildings/rewards. This has clearly been paid to get attention. Why aren't the mods removing this shit? No way in hell this post would get 130+ rewards out of the blue. Wake up mods.
it was just a track, damn reddit is so pressed
u/vredditshare
Rip the Iphone tho lmao
Please stop putting music in your videos, people. This plague of crappy music in short videos must be purged.
Stupid fucking music
row row row your boat gently down the stream
Credit Instagram @jordi.koalitic
damn this video has some nice bass
Well done. I need this in my life
Wow that's a great perspective!
Best video of the day!
Introducing the new i-throwcam, buy it, throw it until it breaks and buy again @50% off.
This is dope..
Im drunk and i almost puked at that spinning...jesus
~Hoarf~

Thanks a lot.
look the dog is smiling ! so happy
The last part was the best part and it cut short.
PSA: Really, don't throw sticks for dogs!

1 - It can cause respiratory issues, with the dog breathing/panting heavily they can inhale bark fragments into their lungs and throat.

2 - There's the (somewhat obvious) choking issue as well related to the above.

3 - Splintering sticks in their mouth and gums.

4 - If you \*do\* throw a stick for a dog, do \*not\* throw it like the person does in this video (vertical rotation)! Throw it more like a frisbee, horizontally. If you throw it vertically it can (and this has very very nearly happened to my own dog), land pointy side first, digging into the ground and sticking out almost like a javelin. If you have a completely hell bent clumsy dog like myself, they can run into this and risk 'spearing' themselves on the stick!

Stick with dog toys. Much safer!  


  
EDIT: Or just downvote because you know best. We'll ignore the fact vets [literally](https://www.bva.co.uk/news-and-blog/blog-article/the-perils-of-throwing-sticks-for-your-dog/) [advise](https://www.theguardian.com/lifeandstyle/2016/jan/20/dont-throw-sticks-for-your-dogs-to-fetch-vets) [to](https://vethelpdirect.com/vetblog/2017/08/14/surely-it-isnt-really-dangerous-to-throw-sticks-for-dogs/) [avoid](https://www.vets-now.com/2018/07/stick-injuries-in-dog/) [stick](https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/magazine-35361664) [throwing](https://lmgtfy.com/?q=should+you+throw+a+stick+for+a+dog).

Who knew giving people advice to keep their dog safe would piss off so many redditors.
Now we get a close-up of something no one gives af about
Love the music. (Video was meh)
That song slaps.
