Can't you see he is cutting the grass?
I LOVE MY BRICK
Hahaha, he seems so happy!
[removed]
Just like kids lol spend hundreds on toys and they play with the boxes
shhhh he’s mowing the lawn
[Reminds me of this pup whose best friend was a brick growing up](https://i.redd.it/ws14e1zh0gh11.jpg)
Phineas and Ferb in shambles https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=FgyonkrEWik
My dog once played with a lime for at least a week, she only stopped because we took it away because we didn’t want her to play with a rotten fruit.
Hey now, don't knock [Trevor Noah's favorite childhood toy.](https://youtu.be/_dxz_QvGLP4)
Brick go brrrrr.
That’s so wholesome
Lol, r/WhatsWrongWithYourDog

I think he thinks he’s mowing the lawn.
b r i c c
At least it’s not a can of soup
Seriously, the joy! It reminds me of the dog that found a clam. A CLAM! Still makes me happy.
“Pushing a rock, pushing a rock, pushing a rock”
'HE FINDS JOY' is the key to goodness in your life..
Trevor Noah is his spirit animal.
That’s some cat type shit right there
"Haha brick go brrrrr" - your dog probably.
Anyone know what breed he is? He looks a bit like my German shepherd boxer cross
Reminds me of the one phineas and ferb episode where they make perry as a toy and try to sell it to people.

"what is it?"

"its a plytapus"

"what does it do?"

Absolutely nothing and thats why it does absolutely everything."
'I love my brick' just like Father Jack. Wait until it's 'Feck off brick!'
All in all it’s just a ‘nother brick in the paw.
I wish I could be happy as easy as this good boy
It's a big beautifull old brick! 

The pioneers would ride those babies for miles.
Maybe hes been reading Wittgenstein
Looks like me when I was 5 with my hotwheels
Exactly like my toddler son... toys are good, yeah,, but stones, utensils or keys are much MUCH better
One man’s trash, is another dogs treasure
r/animalsbeingderps
He's clearly mocking you and your purchase of toys!
I love how he walks with it. Such swagger!
That is the grin of a HAPPY dog.
Dogs are majestic creatures
[I love my brick](https://i.imgur.com/eKZgYcD.jpg)
Now change his name to Sisyphus
I bet this is a really smart dog and a really derpy did all rolled up into one
Bröther may I have the B R I C K
Get him a skateboard
Brick is pretty fun but have you tried Log?
Enjoy the little things
It's the simple things in life...
/u/vredditshare
I mean...this *does* look like a very fun brick.
"Look at me, I'm a stupid human, just mowin' the lawn."
My dog never played with toys. I always bought him things and tried to engage in play, but he would either walk up to you and stand next to you so you could pet him, or he'd chase after the toy and then explore wherever it landed mostly ignoring the toy itself.

The most I've seen him play with a toy was take another dogs toy so it would chase him.
Brick brick brick it’s fun!
I think he needs a skate board
Owner: nooo you can’t play with that, when we bought you so many expansive toys!

Good doggo: haha brick go brrrm
I love the way he tosses his head around as he enjoys himself - clearly having a great time with his brick.
[deleted]
Where did you buy your treats from..
I dont know whats up with stone like things but like my dogs if she sees a rock laying around she lost it she cant stop playing with it.
A better engine
“Look at it sliiiiiide!!!”
“BRIK I LOVE BRIK”
You can’t blame him. He’s too cute to make fun of. And he is right, bricks are fun to play with🧱
This is the derpest shit I’ve ever seen...and I absolutely love it
NOBODY BEATS THE BRICK
DID IT KINDLE JOY
This dog would be sick at mowing the lawn
My dads german shep had a thing for bricks too, until he came inside one day and had broken both incisors off one side.
It’s a brick!  It can’t do anything, so it can do *everything!*
Thats not animalsbeingderps thats ADVANCED animalsbeingderps
*Loooong* boi
r/rarepuppers would love this
This made my day
That a very fun brick though
Kids in phineas and ferb be like
It’s a tiny sled!
Get that puppy a skateboard!!
Mowing the lawn I see.
dogs are so simple and so wholesome🥺
Stronk dög
Get that dog a lawnmower and prepare to be amazed.
Homie just discovered skate boarding
Get this dog a longboard.
Push it ! Push it Real good! (Sorry, that s what came to my mind whilst watching this video...)
Work his way up to a lawnmower next. Lol.
Let the doggo keep the brick!!
When you’re cutting paper and the scissors start gliding
LOOK! 
IT *PUSH*
iM mOWinG thE LoWn
Lol I felt this. My dog will play with anything except the toys I bought for her
Because he isn't "programmed" to like stuff specifically "designed" and marketed for him.
It's the sound. The brick is hollow so it makes a unique sound when sliding on grass. Dogs have different hearing from human.
To be fair that brick looks fun as fuck
Brick goes vrrrrroooom!!!
BRICK BRICK BRICK BRICK

 BRICK BRICK BRICK BRICK 

 ITS FUN
Practicing his future lawn mowing skills
That looks fun. I'm gonna try it now cya later
Brick brick brick brick. Brick brick brick. 

[ITS FUN!](https://youtube.com/watch?v=FgyonkrEWik)
LOLed
That’s the best dog and brick video I’ve seen all day!
long boi
What slides through grass

Like your doggo’s ass,

and entertains your derpy dog?

What's great for a snack

and fits on your back?

it's brick, brick, brick!

it's brick, brick!

It's big, it's heavy, it's mostly Si O₂.

it's brick, brick!

it's better than rad, it's sick!

Everyone wants a brick!

You're gonna love it, brick!

Come on and get your brick!

Everyone needs a brick!

brick, brick, brick!

(whistle)

Brick, from Blammo!
This goodest boy is a natural sprint scrubber. Glue a sponge to the bottom of that brick and put him to work in the bathhouse scrubbing floors!
I love brick
Soooo cute!
This is precious. What a sweet boy!
Just like kids. Buy them some great toy, and they want the box.
Love that head bob!
I wanna play with that brick
Welcome to parenthood!
Brick?? You mean doggy Lego.
Brick
As long as he's happy
I used to do this with my son, now he is in prison for vehicular manslaughter
 Either get him a sled or more bricks to play with.
this made my day, happy boi
HAHAHAHA THIS IS SO CUTE
Now if you could just train him to push the lawnmower .
Ah yes, the hot dog toy **BRICK**
I love this
I mean you know what this is.

I AM A CAR. I DO THE CAR. BRRRR.
I think he wants to build himself a doghouse 😄🐶
Thats one good slab
Enjoy yourself in any way
He invented a lawn sled. So much so that autocorrect substituted different words 3 times for sled. The dog is a genius.
This is the same as my cat. 

Toys? Nope.

That small bit of his own fur that got caught in an updraft? Hell yeah.
Big ol’ Goofball lolol
Switch brick for sponge and rag and lawn for tiled floors!
Mattel execs now have the latest hit toy of Holiday 2020
Wow, so much fun
Ha ha. Reminds me of me as a child. Inused to play with the cardboard boxes rather than the toys that came in them. 😅
Might have been a lawn mower in another life 🤣🤣
Sometimes you don’t need a lot to be happy
"I love my brick" - Fr. Jack Hackett. And this dog.
He’s mowing the lawn
No joke, this dog looks EXACTLY like the one I had when I was a kid. We think he was some sort of German Shephard / native desert dog mix but there was no way to be sure.
Doggo LPT #101: Anything can be a toy if you use it right.
Reminds me of Trevor Noah.
"Small things amuse small minds"
Trevor Noah reference right here
That would totally tear up the lawn, and I wouldn’t mind a bit if I got to watch that all day
My dog does the same, except with rocks
Me trying to use a Yoga Block
"your lawn should be all level by this afternoon, ma'am"
Still a better love story than Twilight
But do you see how it SLIDES!
what a freaking sweetheart 😘
He’d be great in a construction site put that man to work!
Shepherd mixes are GOOFED!
supreme brick?
Dog: Look at it go dad! Look at it wooooeeowh! It's so weird lol!
Human won’t let me dig in his lawn so imma gonna destroy it with a brick.
He's going [brick by brick](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0SqgA_9kuJE)
The pure joy just from a brick. I love it! Reminds me of when you buy a kid a gift and the box is the best part for them. Simple but amazing.
He’s a slidey boi
Dogs built the pyramids.
He's so cute.
What a derpy guy. I think he's very imaginative.
Maybe he's been watching Trevor Noah's stand-up special where he talks about playing with a brick when he was a child in Africa.
Brick, brick, brick, briiiick, brick, brick, brick,
It's Fun. (honk)
In dog culture this is considered a brick move.
" Look at my brick , my brick is amazing "
Brick. It’s fun.
My cats obsessed with hair ties. Not the fake mice.
let the dog vibe sometimes its best to stop and appreciate the little things
Oh my god, this is grand. My dog loves decent sized rocks, just about brick size. Has never played with dog toys in last 11years. She just picks them up and drops them and then digs them out, kicks them and and moves them around. For hours she’ll play, I swear. She just loves rocks. I wish I knew how to insert a video from my phone lol
This is awesome
Woo wooooo
To be fair, that looks like a pretty fancy brick.
[now, father...](https://youtu.be/ROcKPuPvcWU)
that's what my dog use to look like!
I have seen   bricks and  cinder blocks used to strengthen a dogs neck ,   they push them around the ground with their noses
I love it when dogs do that super weird long front leg stretch thing and pull their heads back.
That does look pretty fun to be fair...
haha brick go brrrrrr
Meow
I can just hear him going woOoOaAh
Machete
My pups play with their bones like that inside the house and eventually slide them under the furniture. Then immediately come to me to fetch them back out, all the damn time lmao.
This is me, when I first tried to unroot my phone.
My family's pup does something similar with stones. Though they also love pinecones.
Me at 8 yo. But then again, we had to invent our own toys. One present for Xmas, that was it...
Haha, brick go vroom
So sweet
I want the space between 2 and 4 seconds to just be looped as to give off the impression that the dog is taking a funky stroll
[removed]
Get this dog a lawn mower!
I find joy in him finding joy in a brick.
Remember doing the same thing with those big waxy hardcover books in kindergarten, putting both hands on one and scooting around on the carpet.
Ay, at least it ain't a tin of soup. Heard those were extremely dangerous!
Slaayd...slaayduu...mom see.
Good job mowing the lawn
Got a better form than most dudes in my gym.
Eat their owners??? Lmao what?
Broom broom brick
It does absolutely nothing.
Trevor Noah grinning behind the camera
I mean maybe he just wants to be stoned
Joy? That more looks like annoyance.
Don't laugh.. this was us when we were apes.
Anything is PAWSIBLE lol 😂😂😂😂!!
We brought my dog to the park with a few toys once and she chose to play with a rock!
Doggo with brick: Deja vu, I've never seen this toy before
So he likes bricks, eh? I should give him my old PlayStation
Hes so fucking happy I love it
 "and with a noble army at the helm, this m*aster builder* will thwart the kragle..."
Give this man a skateboard
HaHa. BrIcK
Good boy mowing the lawn
This dog simulator game looks pretty fun!
My dogs loved to play with...   the grassbox of lawn-mowers
This dog is a connoisseur. That’s no brick; that’s a [structural clay tile.](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Structural_clay_tile)
This reminds me of that baby that got a banana for Christmas
All I needed was a breeze block. And a bit of an old bone.
Is this equivalent to a cat using the box instead of the bed/climbing tree thingy?
Trevor Noah is that you?
maybe we're drawn to love the unloved things
Cute! What kind of dog is this?
pushin’ a rock... pushin’ a rock... pushin’ a rock...
What ever floats his cardboard boat
My dog does that as well because we had little green frogs hiding in one of the holes of the brick
This dog has been playing too much last of us
The way he sways his head right to left while moving is freaking adorable lol.
lOok aT mE, hUmAn mOw lAwN aNd wAkE mE uP brr
It's a damn fine brick.
This is so sweet! I love it.
Is his name Mason?
This is a cunucu dog from Aruba! They are very smart and need lots of playtime
Just like kids! Buy them all these toys and they'll still prefer to play with thw pots and pans 😝
He must be part cat
I think you need to get your dog a skateboard and see what happens. The way he’s pushing along the brick makes me wonder what he’d do on a board
What a wonderful way to start the day! He is so busy and so proud of himself!!
He's like 'Choo Choo!!'
all in all we're just another brick in the wall
Give that brick a wheels!
rofl
That little head bob as he pushes it! 

He's "cosplaying" a human! "Work, work, move da brick, I is hooman."
I love dogs. They’re happy with the smallest things :3
Get this dog a skateboard!
Never seen a dog do that
Thank you for the morning smile! My Lucy favors brushes. Any kind. Toothbrushes to brooms. She actually dragged my broom out of the room i was cleaning, when she was a pup.
I got my cat so many different toys, her favorite is a single piece of paper towel. She buries herself in it, then crumples it up and starts to rip it apart then she bats around the smaller pieces.
Haha my German Shepherd does this! He has one favorite rock he plays with.
Danny Green entered the chat
What a glorious goofball!
OMG TOO CUTE FFDSDXFYHVXX
These legs, my dog
Thank you this really made my day. You made me laugh out loud and considering my divorced,broke ass is severely depressed that’s quite a feat indeed. What a cute pupper you have there.
Sometumes, the simplest things can bring you joy
r/animalsbeingderps
My puppy is the same way! Give him all the toys you want but he just likes crackling a plastic disposable water bottle- just loves the sound it makes when he chews it lol.

And I know no one asked but here's the [puppy tax](http://imgur.com/a/2nE4AOc)
"Woah slow down Mr Brick!"
Reminds me to that episode of Phineas and Ferb: Perry the Inaction Figure
You need to get this good boi a skateboard!
I have bought many toys for my dogs from tennis balls to dolls to those that sound when they bite on it. But she just goes back to that worn out dirty rug
That is how my dog is. He loves rocks or bricks lol
https://youtu.be/_dxz_QvGLP4
Everyone here analyzing the dogs actions while im just over here like "i think thats a black mouth cur" and "i wonder if thats what my pupper will look like full grown" 
Im.selfish
“Oh boy oh boy oh boy!!!”
Ahh yes, the good ol’ brick
What a goofy boy! So cute!
He looks like he's driving
Doesn’t matter what you look like, someone will see joy in you.
What a goof!  Lol
Humans don’t serve animals
LOL he looks so goofy with his brick
Hey dog owner here, why the hell are dogs like this
Lol 🤣 🤣
This is pure joy. I love it
DERP DAT BRICK BOI
What a ham!!
RIP his teeth
He’s clearly working. That new patio isn’t going to build itself!
zoom
I find JOY in THIS!!!!
Yeah, the only toys I get for my dog are tennis balls. He seems to get more joy out of a thick piece of rope, rolled up cardboard box or crushed 5L water bottle than anything I could buy for him.
Hahaha! My dog took a liking to a random rock when he was a puppy and he still has the same rock 6 years on and still loves it.
What kind of dog is this btw?
I bought my cat toys and her fav playthings are paper towels and plastic bags. She also loves playing with veggies.
It's a supreme brick. That dog is the only one that figured out how to use it.
[Relevant story](https://youtu.be/_dxz_QvGLP4)
I love him
Polish dog
I love his joy 😂
["There are probably a million ways to have fun with a brick"](http://hyperboleandahalf.blogspot.com/2010/03/7-games-you-can-play-with-brick.html) :)
What breed of doge is this?
Brick go brrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
Hahahah so silly 🤣
He looks like a coyote from road runner.
Brick.... Brick..... Brick..... Brick.......                              it’s fun.......
cuuuute
Vrooom vrooom. I imagine him seeing it as a nice race car toy lol 🏎
Just like gfs
I’ve spent hundreds on the most “durable” toys I can find for my GSD/Great Pyrenees mix, and his favorite toy is still an empty plastic bottle.
I had a German Shepard growing up on a farm. Had all the toys and sticks and could ever want. His favorite toy? A bowling ball
Is this the same dog that loves to push around the Flat Rock
:| my husky would do this with half cut apples. Little jerk lol. It was hilarious watching her scoot across the tile floor with them though.
Get that dog a skateboard!
Dog the builder
My dog does the same. 2000 rupee dog toy? Nope. Random stick, he’ll yeah
This is so adorable. Thank you for sharing
Gotta lift them weights
Your dog is broken
I think that he's picky...
You obviously have do idea how much happiness a good brick can bring
I literally go in the garage saw a block of wood and give it to my puppy and he acts like it’s the best thing ever
[🎵Brick, its fun! *Horn*🎵](https://youtu.be/FgyonkrEWik)
Well, the dog won't be able to break it... *I hope*
That dog needs a skateboard
XD
Your dog does CrossFit ?
r/animalsbeingderps
https://youtu.be/FgyonkrEWik
Reminds me of a kid riding a shopping cart. Much cute! :D
Lmao my parents dog does the same thing with big ass rocks
“My Siren’s name is Brick... And she is the *prettiest*.”
Absolutley amazing!! I love this
Freaking goofball haha I love him ❤
Babysat a mid who did the same thing. Was swimming in toys and but all he wanted to do was collect rocks.
theres a bug in that brick
Try it with a lawnmower
Who wants a toy that does absolutely nothing?
Same when a cat only sits in a cardboard box instead in his superdeluxe soft pink cat bed *TM*
Shoppingcart
my dog used to do the same with an empty ice cream container
So adorable. Just like kids at Christmas, all those toys, and they play with the boxes.
one word, imagination.
Dirp truck driver
And this is why dogs are amazing.  They find and spread joy with the simple things.
I love him!
I gots brick!
He's an absolute unit, he needs rough toys like that to enjoy it.
The legs are long
Is his name Jason Grace?🤣
The dog is cute, but I want to know where that brick comes from.  It doesn't look at all like bricks I am familiar with.
Love when he pushes the brick
Petrolhead in the making
r/Animalsbeingderps
r/dogsarefuckingstupid
Dog- oh look I’m a human doh doh doh I’m driving my brick to work doh doh doh leaving my dog who loves me.... that’s you Doug you selfish bastard.
Maybe he will like a lawn mower better
My 1 y/o daughter is the same. She has a bunch of toys but always finds joy in a plastic bag or empty plastic bottle...
Do you guys remember this abs trainer gadget. A little 'wheel' with two handles on both sides.

I am pretty sure I looked exactly like the dog when I used it as a kid.
Quick, replace the brick with a lawnmower and you have yourself a gardener.
B R I C K
Brick Brick Brick Brick


It's fun!


-Phineas and Ferb
He’s mowing the lawn
Best day ever! 
My GSD has a pet rock, so I get it. She doesn’t chew on it, she just carries it room to room and leaves it for our pinky toes to find.
BRICK
BRICK
BRICK
BRICK
BRICK
BRICK
It’s fun *honk*
I love my brick!!!
Truly wonderful, the mind of a dog is
Bahahaha I love it. What a cutie
I mean It is a decent brick
Look! I’m a Man with a lawnmower!
My kid played with the boxes and wrapping paper on Christmas. Didn’t play with the toys until later when we cleaned up and took all the boxes away.
Most wholesome thing I've seen in quite a while
Like a kid who plays with the box that the prezzie came in!   Lol.
labour-ador dog
That's what happens when your dog reboots during a firmware update. He's bricked..
Goofy butt! I love it
What breed is your dog? He looks 100% like our Gracie! <3
My late dog used to love bricks as well. No matter how much we tried to get him to stop playing with them, he'd always go back to them. He'd run around the garden with a brick in his mouth, or jump on the trampoline where he stored a few. By the end of his life, most of his teeth were completely destroyed, but he didn't seem to care. I miss that weirdo.
OOOIII LOOVE MOI BRICK
Ah so that's what Trevor Noah told about his toys in his childhood
Can you... Put a wheel on that? I wanna see the doggo pushing carts!
Who are you to juge him haha
Can relate - my pup always had a wealth of toys... yet as a youngster I found her chewing on a metal ladder by the side of our house! :D
That’s me rediscovering my passion for legos at age 15
Such a good boy! You need to figure out how to get him to mow the lawn for you. Maybe attach brick to mower's handle? lol
don't even try to take it from him.
That dog is so happy with that brick :)
B R I K K
Derps are the best.
Fr tho I have a brainy dog and you need to rotate their toys or they get bored of them!
“I love my brick!”
Reminds  me of "i found a clam! A CLAM!"
My cats have a ton of toys and all they want to play with is trash . Pets are weird.
That is too precious. The simple things in life...
the derp level is so damn high
This is my favorite video of the past few months.  I love that dog so much.  I buy my dog all sorts of toys and her favorite is an old nasty sock.
He Zoomied
Bruh... that’s his workout routine. Gotta keep them abs tight for the bitches.
Because the brick is heavy and it slides good... For some reason...
That’s such a German Shepard thing to do.
/r/arcticmonkeys
/r/amcirclejerk
Just like human children
r/animalsbeingderps
BRICK. It's fun.
Reminds me of what they said about the F-4 Phantom.  “Put enough power behind it and even a Brick can fly.”
Omg! What an adorable goof!
Brick^(TM) \- the new Pet Rock
You do you, boo
What a derpizoid lmao love it
This dog is over here moving bricks... impressive I need to step up my hustle game.
Get this dog a skateboard
Yes he’s happy because a dogs main objective in life, when cared for, is to make his owners happy while laughing at their silly asses. People really should learn from dogs. This comes from a person who adopts too many doggies before euthanasia and I’m here to tell you all that this doggy knows he’s being a derp just to put a smile on everyone’s face around him. It’s all they know. Purest creatures on this planet
Thank you!! I keep watching it!!!
*scoot scoooot*
One hopes that he didn't test it out as a chew toy.
r/whatswrongwithyourdog
Aw. :)
BRICK BRICK BRICK BRICK BRICK BRICK BRICK it’s fun
Lol
Looks like he’s trying to mow the lawn with it 😂 such a happy pup!
He attacc.

He protecc.

But most importantly:

He push bricc.
Stitches: I put that brick in your face
Now what you gon' do with it?

Dog:
Are you living in SA by any chance?
Like kids and a cardboard box
Looks like he’s mowing the lawn with a brick 😂 thank you for the laugh
It’s not the size of the dog in the fight, but the size of brick the dog brings with him. 

*Rocky Music*
r/whatswrongwithyourdog
Me: Trying to get my life together.
Any pet I’ve ever been blessed to have in my life rarely played or interacted with the things I bought for them. But give the a box, paper/cardboard or a milk ring? They are beyond happy.
Should try him with one of those old school manual lawn mowers next
Happiness is a state of mind
Give that dog a skateboard
He's a true slab
What kind hollow ass brick is that.

What's wrong with cinder blocks and a neet brick wall
The pure joy in his little face 😭
r/animalsbeingderps
“IT’S .. SOMETHING ABOUT.. THE TEXTURE.. I FUCKIN LOVE THIS THING!!”
Don't mind me in just another brick in the grass
Derp, derp derp, look am me being a human leaving a strip blocks in my yard.
[BRICK BRICK BRICK BRIIIIICK It's fun.](https://youtu.be/6CcaHWXBPX4)
MMMMM BRICK
dogs are a hoot 😊
That is the absolute cutest dang thing I've seen in awhile! 😂💖🤣
This is Trevor Noah's spirit animal.
Lol
I think dogs love red bricks, my little doggy loves playing with his brick but he loves barking at it too and we got a couple noise complaints so no brick for him
But it MOVES when i PUSH it.
Brick goes brr brrr
My old dog's favourite toy was an empty water cooler jug 😂
Hell, I’d enjoy that brick, too.  Looks like fun.
I LOVE MY BRICK
amazing
Bröther can you spare BRICK
Our GSP is the same way.  He’s got plenty of toys to entertain himself with, but instead us most happy with a plain old box from Aldi’s or wherever.  It’s pure happiness when he gets a box!
Now if only he could mow the grass!
I bestow the highest honor reward for this piece of natural treasure , saved
What a goober!
this reminded me of that phineas* and ferb episode where the sell perry the platypus as a toy
Eat their owners??? Lmao what?
What breed of dog is this ???
it does nothing!
lol, what a cute weirdo
I want to hear it.
MAJOR!
the way he's pushing the brick makes it seem like its a lawn mower
Please get that dog a skateboard
Ha ha so awesome.  My border/lab will remove sticks and rocks from streams forever, reminds me of that.
Hard working doggo
He’s mowing the grass for you
My dog plays with a rock. A ROCK
Awesome. Reminds me of my border/lab who will remove sticks and rocks from streams forever.
‘Dont mind me jus walkin my bricc” - doggo probably
Drive my primal concrete sledge.
My litleral roblox Troll character: welp a Dog has a crush on my friend
My dog has a stone collection.
Now I know whom to hire to have my lawn mown.
Gads! The dreaded B R I C K S T O M P E R has arrived!
True example of the downward dog yoga pose!
My friend’s shepherd loved nothing more than chasing rocks and playing with old car parts.
I have to keep bricks away from my dog cuz she barks madly at it whenever she find one and also she bites me if I try to take away the brick
Brick Brick Brick Briiiiick Brick Brick Brick;
It's Fun.
“Brick, where did you get a doggo?” - Ron Burgandy

“I don’t know.” - Brick Tamland
Is it autistic
It's the simple things.
Bruh!😂 The brick dog is here!😂😂😂😂
I'm an expert on bricks, and that's a good brick he's got there.
Why do I feel like I’ve been in that backyard
Anyone else wondering why there's, what looks like, a wooden floor from one end of the yard to the other?
One time when I was a kid we picked up this german shepherd that someone dropped off at the corner store. So my dad bitched at me for moving the cinder block around the yard because he would have to move it when he mowed. I had no clue what he was talking about and he kept getting on to me for it. Turns out the german shepherd was picking it up and carrying it around the yard as a toy. My dad apologised as we both saw him dragging this big brick around the yard. I miss that crazy doggo.
Dogs are to fucking pure for this world.
Hes just trying to mow the lawn
Brick, brick, brick, brick... It’s Fun!
Get that dog a skateboard!
He is so silly!
He looks like a cartoon ahahah.
Also seems like brasil
Reason #865 why we don't deserve dogs
We had a St. Bernard when I was growing up that would only chase rocks. Not sticks, not balls, just rocks.

The downside to this was that there was always one available, and he'd torment you with them until you threw it for him.
What a goober. I love him.
Nyc
Professionals have standards:)
Look at him go! 😍
Give this dog a mini lawn mower. I think it would work.
Awwww, it's Bob the builder's dog
I have balls, chew toys, and rawhide for my puppy to chew on.

She still brings in rocks, sticks, mulch from the backyard to chew on. Whyyyy????
It's the way of miyagi do dojo.
when that dog is done, s/he'll be a karate champ.
He’s learning how to push now. Next is teach him how to push a lawn mower.
This is so cute but if I look at it too long it becomes a bit uncanny. 😂
So cute!

I guess it's the same with cats, with so many toys, will end up playing with box's instead 😂
Just like when you get a child a toy, and the box is the most exciting part for them. Love it!
He's just trying his best to mow the lawn
It’s the little things in life
I bet r/slammywhammies would like this. Very cute!
The quirks we find in our pets are the most endearing parts.
Let him be man!
Oh man, we had a German Shepherd who also loved her brick... RIP Poppy
Them long long legs
Get this dog a boogie boar or skate board
People have (so far) spent 22,640 Reddit Coins on this post which is over 60 US dollars.
Brick, brick, brick, briiick, brick, brick, brick, it’s fun.
Reminds me of in college when I was late to strength training, and my coach made me slide a bumper plate around the weight room face down multiple times. I was not having nearly as much fun
Yeah, but that’s the worlds best brick
Dog is actually undercover drug sniffing K-9 unit and found some ones hidden stash stuffed inside.
Dogs are weird...one time I looked in the backyard to see my pitbull tossing around/chasing after something suuuuuuper small. Rock? Clump of dirt? I went outside to investigate, and discovered my dog was playing with a pecan. A pecan.
Do they still make those metal Tonka toys dump trucks? That’s exactly how kids play with those, he’d probably get a real kick out of pushing that around.
Dogs are weird like that. My moms German Shepard plays fetch with a five gallon bucket and that’s the only toy she wants
That dog is the derp king/queen. That face when pushing the brick slayed me
He is playing with it like an absolute derp too lol
r/animalsbeingderps
This is the brick from phineas and ferb
"Brick brick brick it's fun"
What a derp!!
Doggo the builder
hes kinda moving the lawn
Aww cutey💜
Brooooommm
He’s mowing the lawn with it
"Activate maximum derpiness mode! They won't know what hit them!"

"A brick?"

"Well, yeah, a brick"
That DOES look like a fun brick though...
It seems as if he is screaming YEEET
BRICK BOIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII
We got our 1st dog a year ago today and it took him a while to learn how to dog.  1st time I saw Obie playing with his tennis ball in the snow he was doing this.

&#x200B;

He's doing great now

No dog tax, sorry )-:
He just wants to mow the lawn!
I think your dag is broken lol
Wait what type of dog is that?
This is how I plan to raise my children
That’s a longass doggo. He seems like a fuckin horror movie representation of a dog
Lucky it wasn’t a can of soup. Those are dangerous.
farmer in a past life. trying to plow his field.
r/AnimalsBeingDerps
Hurr durr I’m a construction worker!
Just wait till he tries to chew it.
A company that I used to work for had a black lab that lived on the property. This dog was amazing. He took friendliness to a whole new level even for a breed known for being friendly. He was also the derpiest damned dog ever. He routinely ate rocks. The shop had a gravel driveway and this dog would just graze on the gravel. The owner finally had to pave the driveway to save the dog's teeth.
My dogs has the same we have loads of toys but she likes flowerpots (??) if that’s a word lol
r/whatswrongwithyourdog
I want to award this. My new favorite post ever
HIS brick.
Dear God they are evolving
That is the dopiest fucking dog I have seen in ages. I love him!
Get him a skateboard! Thats a skater dog!
Buy him a stroller or a trolley!
Introduce him to a lawnmower and you got it made...
🤣🤣🤣
my dog finds his joy in a deflated soccer ball and a wood brick, rather than the tennis balls i bought a year ago
See? Would have been easier if it were soup.
Like a human baby. Give them a pile of toys, and they'll ignore them and play with a spatula for an hour.
He’s mowing the lawn
Nothing like a game of brick brick ya know?
I love this goofy sweetheart
I'M GOING SHOPPING
/u/vredditshare
DERP.
Hey, thats me when I was a kid
A story my sweetie tells is of a dog she and her ex-husband had before we met. I forget which dog this was - there have been MANY - but he or she loved collecting rocks. The'd carry rocks everywhere. Upon moving house, they found a pile of like a hundred tennis ball sized rocks in the crawlspace under the porch, that had been harvested from the property by the pup.
Me_irl
Just like small children, you give them a present and they are more interested in the box the gift came in! Lol.
That is pure happiness at its finest. What a sweet heart
"der look at me. I'm hooman and cutting my grass."
He just watched that one football movie where the dog plays on a team
The toys tought him theres joy to be found in thing
Those walls are amazingly high! Wish I had those between me and my neighbors.
https://youtu.be/FgyonkrEWik

https://youtu.be/-fQGPZTECYs

The best toys.
Get this dog a skateboard
My GSD used to play with bricks and cinder blocks. She would claw at them and flip them over and over while play-barking at them. Dogs are special.
This is precious
Somebody should tweet this to Trevor Noah
Dogs are weird. I found my dog this morning, after my shower, on my bed having a conversation with herself and my clean underwear I had laid out. It went on for a bit until she turned around and finally noticed me. 

I wouldn't trade her for the world.
My dog is the same. He'll play with toys sometimes, but loves bricks and rocks, especially bricks.
SCOOCH POOCH
Train him to do chores for you
My dog rolls around medium sized logs with his head
Dog: the pupponeers used to ride these babies for miles
Now THAT is a ton of awards.
To be fair it looks like an awesome brick.
Big boy likes big toy.
Its the little things in life
I’m fairly certain it’s because he feels hella smart for finding his own toy
I  used to have some dog toys that you could put little treats and peanut  butter in and the dog would amuse herself until she got them all out.   (sorry, I don't remember the brand)  The brick looks like it is hollow  and the holes are about the right size to do the same thing.

If you think he loves the brick \*now\* he will \*adore\* it if it is loaded with treats that come out when he plays with it.
Give that slippy boy a skate board!
Brick Fucking Master
I love lamp
Look at me. I a Hooman. I do WERK. LMAO.
Happy, good boy!!!❤️
Doggo:  HAHA BRICK GO BROOM BROOM
You fool, he's weight training. Soon he will be the alpha
This is great.  He is so excited and proud of himself.  "Look Ma, look what I can do!"
Get him a boogie board.
“Nuff people say they know they cant believe.....Jamaica we have a bobsled team!”
Found the soundtrack. Enjoy!


https://youtu.be/riV77WoFCBw
✨🥰
This is the Trevor Noah of dogs.
My mate's dog was eating a brick one time
"I'm mowing the lawn just like my hooman!"
Absolutely adorable!!!
A very happy derp.
Look at my brick, my brick is amazing
Mine loves 2litter bottles.
He must be Italian
Walled backyard: this is Brazil.
r/animalsbeingderps
AND WE WERE HAPPY
My dog used to play with a bowling ball. Pushed it across the yard with his head. He was a dumb, but lovable shit
Thats one hell of a nice brick
he just discovered rear wheel drive
I dunno, he’s making that brick look pretty fun.
I don't think that's a brick. Idk what it is, but not a brick.
Your dog is nuts. And thank you so much for sharing it with us because it is f****** awesome
He has cat blood
Next u can teach him how to push a lawn mower!
Hahahaha this makes me almost as happy as he is
My dog loves playing fetch with rocks, he will also spend hours trying to find the rock I threw in the lake among the other rocks
"MUSH!"
Look at his head bobbly
“Pushing a rock, pushing a rock.” FHV (long time ago)
B R I C K
I am jealous of the dog
Is this an Anatolian Shepherd? They are my dream doggo
This is pretty much my 3 year old kid. She recently grabbed a 15mm crescent wrench during an unauthorized shoeless trip into the garage, and has been insisting on keeping with her at all times ever since. She even takes it to bed and stashes it under her pillow.
Don’t be mad at him he just wanted to help mow the lawn
Brick go vroom.
🎵Pushin my brick downtown...🎶
“Pushing a brick pushing a brick...” lol
Best toys can sometimes be the cheapest
This is cats. They never play with the toys you buy. Just some random slightly circular piece of garbage they hid somewhere.
I don't know why but I found this hilarious.
Haha.. my dog used to like rolling big rocks around, this reminds me of that but it's even more ridiculous to watch.
Get him one of those push mowers. Free up those Saturday mornings.
What a good boy, he's messaging and exfoliating your lawn for you.
Same thing with kids and boxes
This reminds me of a Phineas and Ferb episode, "Brick Brick Brick Brick Brick.. It's Fun!"
Nobody beats the brick
Is this the most gilded post ever?
Cant get past the dogshit
He pooosh it!
I think he's enjoying the stretch in his fore legs.
He must be antifa
My fur baby has many toys and yet enjoys playing with my socks.
My nearly 50kg good girl dug up a big rock in the ground and yelped like a puppy while pushing that thing around, back then I didn't have a camera to capture it, but damn, that sight is forever in my brain.
Just another brick in the r/aww
And people say dogs aren’t comparable to babies
This adorable pupper is over here getting ready for either his first landscaping or construction job
Hahahahaha the joy!! Thx!!
Lol! I love how he looks like he's really enjoying himself! So much fun! 😍
Lol the awkward sliding is great
This dog is the biggest goober I've ever seen. Hilarious
now imagine giving him a brick with a rug at the bottom and you have him play inside the house
other toys: \*exists\*

dog: brick goes brrrrrr
Why the brick is hollow ? I haven't seen em in my area.
Looks like me when mom let's me push the shopping cart.
r/AnimalsBeingDerps lololol
I am remembering an episode in Phineas and Ferb in which they sold bricks as a toy and it became a hit. Similar vibes.
This is the most beautiful, derpiest derpster I have laid eyes on band I love him.
u/vreditdownloder
This is the best thing I’ve ever seen!
Trevor Noah
Brick brick brick brick it’s fun
My dog used to carry around a 5 lb barbell for fun.
Ingenuity. Creativity. A true inventor.
Taking pages out of Phineas and Ferb I see?
Well, phinieas and ferb taught us something
Funny, i have bought my dog so many toys and his favorite is his old harness from when he was a puppy he loves to lay on his back and chew on it.
LMAO.  Ours is the same way.  A whole YARD full of toys, but nope, he'll go and pull a whole LOG out of the stack for our stove and push it around just like this.  Hey, at least he's happy?
That fucking slide, holy shit
🎶 Brick brick brick brick brick brick brick brick Its fun! 🎶 *honk*
That's animals for ya
YEEAAH! I'M A BRICK DOG NOW
r/whatswrongwithyourdog
Get him a skateboard or some rollerblades!
Same with my Luke.  He has plenty of toys but finds joy in a plastic fork. I don't even know how he got it Smh
Trevor Noah would appreciate this. I believe one of his favourite toys as a child was a brick! 🤣
It’s the simple things in life
Aw he is having so much fun! I wonder what breed he is?
This is like my cat with pegs and pen caps. She has such expensive toys. But give her one of these and she loses her fucking mind
This is so over the top with the head wiggling and the tongue sticking out his mouth, it looks like a cartoon, I love it
Cute
Dogs are strange creatures.
Like a cat with a box
r/WhatsWrongWithYourDog
Dude I don’t usually comment but what the actual fuck this is so adorable!!!
He seems to have stumbled upon some sort of brick propulsion system.
I had a German shepherd and his favorite toy was a random ass peice of oak wood. He loved it for his teeth while he was young and just never let go of it
But do the other toys *sliiiiiiiiiiiide* ??
;; omg he looks so happy
Quarter Brick Half Brick Whole Brick Ay!
My cat has so many toys but she fucking plays with her own SHIT ANDTHE FUCKIN DOOR ;-;
I had a dog that used to do this and a friend of mine had another from the same litter also did the same thing. Wonder if its hereditary...
I wish I had simple pleasures like this, but no, here I am hopelessly browsing Reddit on an overpriced gaming PC, full of ”boring” games...
r/AnimalsBeingDerps
Brick go burrrrrrr.
I feel like he’s mocking humans mowing the lawn lol
What you have there is called a skating dog.  Give him some plastic,grocery bags and let him skate around with those.  My cats love grocery bag skating on the carpet.😎
Epiphany: He thinks anything toy-sized is a toy, and is fascinated that there can be a hard, non-squeaky "toy."
I once had a friend/roommate tell me that she was a better cat owner than me because she bought more toys for her cats than I did. I’ve had cats my entire life and I can confirm that every time they’d have toys bought for them, they’d prefer to play with the bag it came in. You don’t need to spend a fortune to entertain your pets xD
B R I C K
That's adorable
The new “GO Brik” from slobber toys! Its for the dog on go! *Requires doggo to gogo*
He a motorcycle
ITS VERY BEAUTIFUL TO ME - this dog 2/9/20
He's using his imagination, I used to play with nothing at all and pretend I was playing a videogame.
Like their slogan says,

"It's fun."
Needs a Jolly Ball
Reminds me of [this dog Tobi](https://www.reddit.com/r/WhatsWrongWithYourDog/comments/gebx53/interesting_toy_choice_note_this_isnt_my_dog_just/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf)
Look human, I go vroom
Funny thing, we see a person doing this we say wtf is wrong with this tweaker, a dog does this and we be like, awww
You won't be laughing when you come outside to a sturdy double bricked house built to code.
My dog LOVES this old cannonball at my grandparents' house, I think the weight of it despite not being that big is interesting to dogs, like the brick.
Its the little things in life that matter...

















Tho the brick may be bigger than the other toys.
Give that dog a lawnmower
I guess he thinks it's a lawn mower
