Need to slide her over to keep brushing away the leaves. Such a pretty baby.
You know who's doing well during the pandemic? 

Cats and dogs. 

Owners are home all the time now and probably have never spent as much time with their pets. Lots of treats walks, cuddles, etc. 

And they have no clue what else is going on.

I just realized I wish I was a dog right now.
Why is there no subreddit dedicated to happy squints?
Good dog is making happy leaf angels with the tail.
Is this what heaven looks like
Aww, such a happy tail!

But also, r/petthedamndog.
BEHOLD!!    THE AWW-CLEAN-INATOR
Did you have her do the rest of the driveway or do you now have a conspicuous clean spot?
Does anyone have a link to the happy dog version?
That smile is everything 🧡🧡🧡
With a face like that you know this baby is spoiled rotten and totally works her owners and they eat it up. Jus pathetic! :)
PET THE DOG!
A dog leaf angel!!!
r/petthedamndog
Goldie is gorgeous 💛 Goldens are the happiest dogs on earth!  I miss my Daisygirl everyday and it’s been 7 years. Goldie is telling me it’s Time to bring the Happy back into my life!
Sweeping... The fun way.
natures lovable leafblower
I love the fact that the tail is clearing a spot
u/meehtab
Tail Halo?
u/vredditshare
This is the new snow angel and I’m here for it.
Hug the doggie!
I want to hug this precious thing
Owww my heart. What a good girl!
The rare Platinum Retriever
Right in the feels
Where are you at that the leaves are already yellow and off the trees? Im in PA and its green & lush over here still
Old dogs are the best.
Love the tail wiper!
Jesus Christ look at the god damn adorable face.
I lost my precious Goldi this past May and I miss her so much. Seeing this warms my heart, thank you for sharing! Beautiful pup
#SWEEP SWEEP SWEEP SWEEP SWEEP SWEEP SWEEP SWEEP SWEEP SWEEP SWEEP SWEEP
love the squinty smiles goldens do.
The circle he made with his whagy tail, aww.
u/eatingplutonium bau smol
Cutest windshield wiper on the market.
I worked for a vet for well over a decade and you're dog is a perfect example of a golden retriever. I never came across one that wasn't friendly & full of " awesomeness ".  Seems like he/ she would also be great at raking up leaves in the fall which is definitely a plus. 👍🐶
u/kvu22
boop da snoot
Thats the look of a dog who enjoys life
Such a perfect puppy😊
So you're telling me I can sweep the walk just by making my fluffy tailed dog happy in various places?
Happy and beautiful
Goldie Howl
Tail angel! (Or leaves angel)
I can’t wait for those golden leaves
my girls name is goldie too!
Thats such a smug look.
Why do I always have the sudden urge to pet all the animals on this subreddit?
Such beautiful leaves
/u/vredditshare
Damn. Where was this when I needed references for my painting I did the other day in a similar pose?
Tail angel
He’s with his people
Leaf angels
Goldens are the best dog.

No other dog compares.
I want to give him boops!
What a sweet gal
Making leaf angels <3
"Precious autonomous broom is happily sweeping" There! Changed your title for you.

PS: It's a joke, don't take it personally. Have a nice day.
the leaves never stood  a chance
can i borrow him to sweep my yard?
Leaf angel
Please I want
Pure serotonin
Hold her by the snoot and you got a automatic leaf rake :)
What a sweet baby!
I've never seen leaves so yellow, there gorgeous!
I think it's gonna take us all week to sweep those leaves
Is that a senior doggo
Good dogo
After a bad day, that happy good boy/girl is enough to sooth my heart.
oh so adorable whats the name ?
OMG Goldie is an Airbender, look how she forces the leafs away by using some high class airbending moves!
His/Her tail made a heart shape in the leaves awww
Dogsundheit!
The tail wagging area is the happy area
Who needs a rake when you can have a happy dog instead
What a happy little old man
So much adorable cute fluffiness right there 💕
Look at that cookie dusta
I can’t
Yup, LOVE the poems.  Beautiful just like the tail waggin' doggie who sweeps leaves with his happy, waggin' tail!
Now I’m happy, too!! Thank you!
Best dogs on the planet
This reminds me of my family's golden. I miss that sweet pooch.
I love the fall, too, but not as much as Goldie!
It's simple, I see the floofy floof,  up vote..
You know dog sneezing is a nervous tick sometimes
old but gold!
Oh my god someone pet the good girl already
I needed one thing to cheer me up and this did a good job
We all want to be loved by someone like this ❤️
Damnit! It’s my turn to repost this this week!
Golder retrievers make me insanely happy
Someone has seen quite a few winters, but she wears it very well :)
awww, an oldie but a goldie
r/petthedamndog
The tail makes a heart shaped clearing for a second.
That’s my dog’s name too! They’re such sweet dogs.
I love when dogs get so excited that they squint like that. It’s pure happiness
aww she’s so pretty
Such a beautiful fur baby!
What a precious beautiful sweet creature!
leaves move out of the way!
Tail/leaf halo!
This made me excited for autumn 🍂🥺
So needed to see this happy boop today 💛
Swachha bharat abhiyan: swachha rahain sukhi rahain.
With enough happy Goldie energy we can sweep the streets of Vermont this fall and save the tax payers millions!
Omg this is so cute that i wanna pet him
You, sir, have a fluffy windshield wiper.
Aw tail angel in the leaves!
Ah, she's an angel.
“97% upvoted”

I have a heart of burnt coal and this made me audibly aww. 3% of you are absolute monsters.
He is so cute!!! Look at those eyes!! Gorgeous!
OH my heart! Reminds me of golden when I was little :)
Frost face tail angels
fun fact: this video on Tiktok has sound. It’s even more glorious
Awww man golden retrievers are the best
Love
So cute
So sweet!!!!
I was told once by a vet that when my cat (and I would assume dogs) squeezes her eyes shut like that when she looks at me that it is sort of a gesture of affection.  Make of that what you will.
My favorite rake
Ooo beautiful leaves. Have the trees changed there yet?
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
/u/vredditshare
Angel
That's a good dog!
He protecc🥺 He attacc🥺 His tail goes wacc❤️
The leaves even made a heart for a second
This is it. 
We found it.
The best thing on the internet.
That’s a good boi
/u/vredditshare
hahaha making a leaf angel with that tail
Please give credit to the original owner of the video on tiktok.
r/petthedamndog
It’s sweeping time !!! Sweep sweep sweep
Yes
Where in the US does it look like this already???
Happ doggo
He's great as a leaf blower
u/vredditshare
Ecstatic joy is the default setting for goldens.
I only see gold
Is this recent ? If so, where are the leaves turning already?
Please give her some pets
u/vredditshare
Damn it’s already fall where you’re at. It’s still 87 and sunny where I’m at and the leaves really haven’t fallen at all yet. I’m excited for that weather tho, it’s coming soon.
So pretty!
I wish I were allowed to have a pet in my apartment. I wanted a Goldie for so long :(
Awww omfg he’s so cute
The Good Boy King r/BossFights
Gib treats hooman.
Lucky to live in fall weather, love your dog. Had one just like her, she died.😭😭😭😭😭
He's making a leaf angel with his tail 🥺❤
Oh my gah its in the shape of a heart i cant ahhh
Little heart in the leaves for you
Tail angel
when you're so happy you make tail angels.
I saw this when it has no links
She’s like a little furry broom
What a cute little leaf sweeper!
That’s cute
Old goldies are just precious
Aaaaaaaaaawwwwwwwwwe
Lil tail is a leaf broom
What a precious boy!
Aww, she's making  little leaf angel with her tail :)
r/powerwashingporn, but with a tail instead?
She looks so old with the whiteface
Sweet to see!
That’s cute and all but there’s only room for one KM in these parts
Anyone wanna gift me with a pupper like this??
He’s such a hap-py hap-py guy oh such a happy happy hap-py guy 
Oh what a hap-py, hap-pay dog oh what a happy happy hap-ly DAWG
What's his name ! Wiper ?
I've seen this posted like 5 times but it still makes me happy. Good repost
Jesus ... And these leaves?  In America, the autumn leaves are so beautiful ... Sorry for the astonishment.  My country only has two seasons: infernal heat and infernal rain ...
sweet boi
Goldens are the bestest good boys and girls. I loved the little sneeze too
This melts my heart
Goldie's making leaf angels instead of snow angels. She's sooooo adorable! 😍💗
Doggo is saying he goodest of boys
Ooosh what a good bubbies.
Oh what a cutie!
I have an overwhelming urge to hug it. Miss my boys...
Would make a great rescue dog lol
😍
What a sweet golden oldie
I love her so much
😍😍😍😍😍
r/goodboy
Leaf angel
I love her!

Mine passed away this past week, and he was such a good boy! Thanks for posting, this helped cheer me up. 😊
Leaf shield
Built in leaf blower
u/vredditshare
And when age strikes it’s bittersweet but you’ll have a golden oldie.
Adorable. My dog sneezes when he’s happy or excited. ❤️❤️
All them smells
Omg I hope with all those leaves that that was last year!?
Omg, I love Goldie! Just want to hug her
I neeeeeeed him
Nice colors
 Good sweeper
He’s smiling for the video he’s a star
See, this. THIS is why i want to raise a golden retriever pup so i can be so much more proud when it becomes this!
Fluffy auto-rake!
This dog snd those leaves are beautiful
so FLOOFY
Looks like the tail is brushing a heart in the leaves :3
A golden Goldie in golden leaves, my heart is golden🥰🥰
Summer is over in Canada it looks here.
She is so sweet!!!
What a cute oldie Goldie
i love old dogs
At least you won’t need to spend time sweeping the leaves 😄
I love them
Angel makes leaf angel
Sweeping the leaves, aww
Such  a _gracious_ little boy
Did you know that dogs can break their tails from wagging them too hard?
That is a large button snoot ❤️
My heart!!! 😭
awwww 🥰
[removed]
She really is precious. Look at that tail go
r/eyebleach
This a repost? Cause it’s definitely not mid to late fall with a bunch of leaves on the ground.
I miss my yard broom....
Such a perfect moment. 🥰
Cute
Nice
Such a cutie☺️
This is an worthy repost
❤️
Such a beautiful boo! 💖💖💖💖💖💖💖
aww
❤️ O ❤️ (aka awww)
