I love the fact that he sits like a fat little goblin
Cat looks like a grumpy old man who has finally found something (or someone in this case) that makes him happy
M cat is incredibly dainty and skittish with folks she doesn't know. So when my husband and I moved in together, she spent most of her time under the bed. The first time he got to pet her was like a piece of history. Now she has this ridiculous relationship with him. With me she gets sweet elegant pets, but when she wants more, she goes to my husband who gives her a hard core scratching that has come to be know as "the cat wash". He even sings it as he pets her. And always at the end she has to bite his nose. It's tradition.

Add on: 

Ok everyone! I got my husband to do the CATWASH. E was very awkward and chose not to sing it but I got it

https://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/iri4p0/going_to_the_catwash_hubby_wouldnt_sing_it_while/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share
That’s how you know he’s a keeper. I too was judged by my wife’s cat 10 years ago. Luckily Lily approved of my existence in her house.

RIP Lily.
YOUR boyfriend?
When I first met my wife she had a tabby cat that she claimed liked no one but her.  Well he actually came out of hiding the first time I was at her place and came up to me.  I think the last thing I told him  when we had to put him down was a thank you for being my unexpected wingman.
Somebody is in love!
"You're alright, human. My servant has good taste. I'll make a proper servant of you as well."
This is exactly how my orange boy looks at me and it breaks my heart every time
This is so precious
Accept you are the "side chick" now..
I have a cat that traded me in for my boyfriend. It's cool, I'm not mad, just a little jealous. We'll get through this together.
your boyfriend now belongs to the cat
Orange Tabby cats are the best!!!!
This is so heartwarming. Your cat is literally radiating love. That’s the stamp of approval you need to see. Years ago my cat assessed my boyfriend and approved him and now he’s my husband and a great daddy. My heart melts whenever I see them together.
r/catsmirin
Your cat has a new bf
Your cat looks high af
I believe pets pick on on their paw-rents feelings. My dogs love my fiancé and have since they met him. One of my dogs is standoffish with all strangers. But not with him. 

So you must also adore him, your cat knows, and emulates the behavior. That’s sweet.
I feel a bit sad you don't realize that is no longer your cat. ;)
When I started dating my husband and he came over the first time i told him my feral cat would run away and not to worry about her attacking him. She stayed on the couch and let him pet her head. He has some kind of special power over cats.
So sweet! As a guy that means your good. Conversely my cat judges any girl I bring home. My current gf gets a win but an ex had her boots pissed in
Your boyfriend has been stolen by the Cato
This picture is worth a thousands words, but one will suffice, love.
Lookin' like The Buddha.
“Thanks for bringing me a pet Mom”
Is his name Jim?
Ive been with many women I never would have stood a chance with, on account that their pets jumped with joy at the sight of me and curled up with me just like this cat.
Or it’s high
The cats face just says it all ‘he’s OUR boyfriend now’
Your kitty looks a lot like [mine](http://imgur.com/a/2JnFplX). :)
I had a cat for two weeks before my boyfriend and I moved in together. He immediately took to him and started calling him Buddy. He was his cat now, lol. That was 8 years ago, I don't remember what I initially named him now. He was a good Buddy!
You're ginger kitty is so cute! Looking super happy too!

Edit: typo
"Together, we will solve this woman-human."
I think you mean your boyfriend's cat tolerates you 😂
I hand raised my cat (abandoned by mom), met my man when the cat was 2. Cat is 12 now and hasn't been "my cat" for at least 8 years. Means your dude is a good soul ❤
You just lost yor man to a cat, how do you feel?
Find a person that looks at you the way this cat looks at this guy
Thats how my boys look at my wife. Nobody looks at me like that. Not even my wife.
Awww... Look at them bubblegum beans.
Is that Novak Djokovic?
Haha he sits like a people do haha
/r/catsmirin
Please give your kitty a snuggle. He looks just like my cat that passed away, down to the little bitty “dipped his paws in paint”. 

Also, keep the boyfriend. When cats decide they adore someone like this- cats don’t just trust anyone. It’s a good sign
I’m sorry to tell you this but that’s not your cat anymore
My cat is always suspicious of men lmao but she likes my roommates bf lolol
Jim.
you are the third wheel. sorry.
That is completely adorable. Also, your cat looks like Winnie the Pooh!
What an adorable little traitor.
Thats not your boyfriend anymore.
It’s all cute until you are competing for attention with the cat
That's what a drunk cat looks like.
You're stuck with him now. When my wife and I started dating, her cat took quite a liking to me, and now we just celebrated one year of marriage! The cat chooses all.
Tell him “nice shirt, c*nt”
Me at night seeing a moth fly into the light
The cat:

*Our* boyfriend
that cat is so adorable

it is on do not disturb
You mean your cats boyfriend?
BEHOLD

THE STEAL-YOUR-MAN-INATOR
Man spread....cat spread?
From my experience, this just means he is allergic to cats. I am pretty allergic to cats and they all love me. Even the ones "who hate everyone and everything". I wouldn't mind the love if I wasn't constantly sneezing, unable to breathe through my nose, and unable to see through watery, irritated eyes.

When someone has a cat, I try to take a Claritin or something before I go so they can love on me a bit. It doesn't make me immune but it lessens the effect.
How he sits is so cute
This is the most adorable mirin photo I have ever seen!!!  I hope he adores you, too!
"I tell ya, it's nice to have another dude around here Jim."
It's very validating when your animal companion accepts/loves your partner. My bf and cat have a bedtime cuddle routine that I adore (and occasionally get jealous of - gimme those kitty good night cuddles!)
When I pause to take a break from this excruciating online life, such things make me wanna live another day so that one day I can afford raising a pet <3
Marry him
That’s it. You have to marry him now. For your cat.
That's the face of a grumpy, old man sitting in his favourite chair and about to be handed a cup of tea.
I too adore your ~~boyfriend~~ cat.
jim
One needs to find someone who looks at them the same way your cat looks at your boyfriend.
r/ToeBeans
He's proper relaxed...Sooo sweet
You cat looks so comfortable.
r/mirin
A cute little betrayer :) looks so happy
Soooo sweet.
U have competition
Jim
Well, they appear to have the same amount of fur :)
I love your cat's sitting position in this picture
Awww... Sweet
 When I started visiting my GF, her car hid the whole time and 30 minutes after I left. She had since warmed up to me and is now a sassy calico who decides when she wants to grace us with her presence.
how i look at my bae lol
u/studentdoctoramp OMG AWWWW! Look at his little faceeeee!!!
Aww, so cute! Sometimes I wish I wasn't allergic to cats so I could get love like that <3
That isn’t your boyfriend, that’s you cat’s boyfriend.
I’ve never wanted to rub a little cat fuzzy belly so bad!! That look is priceless
My cat had to approve of my boyfriend as well. She absolutely hated my ex. But she loves my man of 10 years. Lol I swear she loves him more than she loves me.
they look like they chill together and smoke weed
I'm so glad I clicked on the picture to see the whole thing!
[removed]
“Why do i..... luv hooman so much??”
Sploot.
Cats are awesome!
Take my award
Awwwwweeeee!
Can I get uhhhhhhhh mcchicken sandwhich?
r/catsmirin
Oranges just know when they're in good hands.
r/mirin
Your boyfriend is a happy man, not only you like it, but also your cat likes it. If I have such a cat, I like it to sit on [my shoes](https://www.reddit.com/r/Lxfashionartsneakers/) and be lazy.
Cat has determined he's a keeper
Such a cute cat
I'm at the bitter dating stage where I resent cute couples, so I hate you both, but the cat is adorable.
How to tell if someone is a good person.
It looks like he also had some catnip and is enjoying the viee
Orange tabbies are usually so lovable.
Your cat looks very old and wise
Cat looks like he got a good whiff of catnip.
Judging your boyfriend's smile I'd say he adores the cat as well.
My partner is afraid of cats and my cat is afraid of new people but when they first met it was love at first sight
Dude’s got a nice nose
The bros, the homies...
I don’t think that’s your cat anymore.
I like that they're both happy until
HE IS THE CHOSEN ONE
And he sits like an idiot. I love it
He looks high as fuck
hate to be the one to fill you in on this, but your boyfriend is fucking your cat
This is a clear sign that your bf is a keeper.
why he sit like this tho 😭
He is like a Disney cat - this is sooo freakin adorable!!!
I hope you do or you may have just lost your cat. 😂
Happy plop
 He’s a keeper
The cat is happy to finally have another bro around lol.
that is always a good thing.
Man I would love to get a cat, but all that lost animal hair kinda scares me...
This is how I look at the Postmates delivery person after eating an edible
I thought my girlfriend’s cat hated me, but he took a nice nap on my lap this morning and it made everything feel better. You have a lovely cat, OP.
Sorry it’s not your cat anymore
The boyfriend can stay.
Good sign good sign
Your boyfriend??? I think the cat has the boyfriend now, you’re just the kibble supplier
That's a very good omen for your relationship. And cat's have good taste in men.
His face 🥺🥺
OMG THE BEANS! THE BEANS!
Pretty sure that’s the boyfriends cat now. But don’t be sad, you had a good run.
He wants u to marry him cuteeee
Your cat looks like THE most majestic old man and I love it.
Good sign!
The love is real, look at that shedding lol.
Looks like he slipped him some cat nip.
You should consider upgrading him.

To Future Husband.
When the cat approves of the boyfriend or the girlfriend. That's actually a good thing That means their keeper.😁🐾
Your cat: no no no you mean OUR boyfriend
That little furry animal is the cutest thing i've ever seen! almost looks unreal
Toe beans
I miss my ex gfs cat. He adored me, much like this cat. 

I shoulda taken him.
My last ex absolutely hated cats, yet my cat loved him.
Dat schnoz.
At least that makes one of us. My girls cat only wants me when shes not around.
Awww
I fucking love the way this cat is sitting
He is a keeper. That is, the cat.
But you hate him
They really like each other so NICE to see them with LOVE!
Your kitty knows a good soul when s/he meets one!  He must be a keeper!  LOVE LOVE LOVE
Quite a crispy photo. HHHHMMMMMMMM
Seems like it also adores your sofa!
That is an awesome picture!  So cute.
Marry him you don’t choose the cat does
So freaking cute
I mean, he seems to have gotten the cat high as hell. That’s a pretty well established way to get on someone’s good side.
Looks almost completely identical to my cat!
This is the cutest thing ever
You’re the one, I love you human!
Gingers are the absolute my best. I miss my little fur buddy.
Then he’s a keeper
I just took the same picture of my cat sitting the same way I asked him if he thought he was human he just stared at me
She looks totally 'steal your boy' type
💓💓💓
Love cats. Hate cat hair on my clothes and furniture.
And your bf knows it.
I love dogs and cats but there’s something special about the loyalty and affection of a cat. It’s an honest, genuine emotion they exude, gives the feeling they truly have an appreciation and love for you when they positively respond to you.
That cat looks high as balls
Marry him immediately!
Ditch your boyfriend, you are the chosen one!
I'm not really a cat guy but when they sit like that it's beyond adorable.
she's looking at him so seriously. She will get your ma . Hehehe
Ah the look of pure bliss on that cats face. What a cutie!
He's the best seat!
You banging my sis bro???
Sry i dont think thats your cat anymore
This is so sweet. Def frame worthy
“Bro did you put the pizza bagels in the oven yet?”
-that cat probably
Those happy sleepy eyes are the best
Literally same lol. It’s like I don’t even exist anymore 😒😂
/r/girlsmirin
Wish I had a boyfriend AND a cat like that.
Awww
I've never seen such a relaxed cat! What a softy
They both are keepers!
Watch out, they re going to leave you and get together.
Dude... you cat looks stoned.
hahahaha very funny
I get the feeling that cat loves everybody.
Guess he’s a keepuuuurrrr
Check for cat treats in his pockets ;)
He’s cheating on you
( the cat)
Looks like he’s your cats boyfriend  now
Aww so cute. I miss my cat so much... She's not dead or anything, I'm just at work and want to cuddle her
"my boyfriend" ummm i do believe that title has been hijacked by your cat lol
That’s actually pretty adorable
cute
I love how the cat sits like a human
The picture has everything. Pink beans, fluffy tummy, cute sitting pose, squinty eyes, and sitting on lap... no wonder it has 30 awards👍🏻
Could be the one.
Good sign.
Awwww, so adorable.
She gonna steal your man if your not careful
You know your bf is a keeper when... 🥰
That face tho!
Something about ginger cats! They seem more like dogs -- they're so responsive.
OUR boyfriend!
Handsome cat...
There’s no better feeling in the world then knowing your cat approves of your person. :)
So cute
I want a pet 😭
Secrets to getting a cat to like you:

* Sit still-ish
* Don't try to grab them
* Be warm or put a heating pad on you
* Ignore them as they are settling in - just let them do their thing
* Acknowledge them only after they acknowledge you
* Take a quick nap with them. Sleep-bonding is a real thing.
r/catsmirin
Approval from the cat means he’s a keeper
It’s a sign. Either he’s a keeper...or he’s evil!
Shiit homie this catnip strong as fuck man you got anymore
looks like drugged
Adorable! Also...look at those toe beans!!!
My gf cat absolutely hates me....
He's a keeper because he's been adopted!!
I had a dog that would sit between my girlfriend and me on the couch.  She was a *smart* dog.  🤣
It's its boyfriend now
r/mirin
That's his boyfriend now
I too, adore OP’s boyfriend.
Your cat knows a good guy. Love that he’s staring up at your BF.
HE 👏 IS 👏 GONNA 👏 LEAVE 👏 YOU 👏 FOR 👏 HER 👏
GOD 👏 KNOWS 👏 I WOULD 👏
So sweet.
Cuuuuteeeee
Awww that’s so cute!
So when's the wedding?  You can't disappoint the cat now.
I want him now
It looks like the cat is trying to take this relationship to the next level.
Black blankets with a light harried cat??? Why??????????
*food

I fixed it for you.
That looks like a really out of it look lol like almost high haha not adoring
What a cutie! Our cat must be his brother from another mother. They have identical colour and markings, down to the marbled right paw.
Omg, that’s the best pose ever!!!
Hopefully your cat has good taste! 😉
Nice shirt.

JimB
r/catsmirin
The cat looks like it ate edibles for the first time.
He passed the pet check with flying colors. He's a keeper
That face! I love him!
Your cat looks high
cutie
Is his name Jim by any chance?
/r/catsmirin
He is....the one
She's mine now, John
"our boyfriend" - cat
How pawsome!
He's a keeper
Guess you’ve got no choice but to marry your boyfriend now, it’s the law.
Yo 😳
Your cats boyfriend now
That’s a good sign right there!
Your boyfriend is a keepurr
I like the toe beans
It's will been new meme format. I feel it.
r/Mensmittenwithkittens
Steal yo' boiiiee
I love cats. I really do. They can test your patience a bit more than dogs can from time to time but they are totally worth it.
😏you know he's a keeper when your kitty loves him😏
r/catsmirin
Caption:  "Catnip is not cat food."
Now you know he’s the one 😂👍
That means he’s a keeper
Yo that cat is high as fuck
The little curl in the tail! So cute
Ironic, I wish my girlfriend’s cats loved me like this. 

I even rescued one of them. I raised her from perdition and that cat is *smitten* with my girlfriend, and treats me with kind, mild neglect.
Find someone that looks at you like this cat looks at Novak Djokovic...
Hes a keeper.   Cat approved
this is a good sign
Hes obviously a keeper
He is a keeper. Cats know...
Just Like her owner
I love this more than anything
My cat is ginger too and he's the same with my OH. He loves him so much.
Caption it!

"Wassup" :D
I'd adore your boyfriend too
So 2 pussys do

/s
There is another
Id watch out if i were you, that cat is trying to steal your man.
The cat is very cute.
Your boyfriend??? you mean his/her boyfriend now! <3
Must be a keeper!
I love it!
He passed the cat test. Marry him.
Love those rabbit feet
I’m obsessed with this picture. It tells a thousand words just by looking at this ginger cat. A great picture that provokes so much feelings and thoughts. 🧡🧡
Cat looks baked
It looks like it is because the boyfriend passes the doobie
You are jealous lol
Nothing's there??
This is so cute
You sound jealous...
Mine too! What’s up with that?!? My cat loves my BF so much and he never even feeds him.
Aww! He looks just like my [Seamus](https://i.imgur.com/vxgVtl5.jpg)!
nice
Pretty sure my cat D’Artagnan loved my ex more than me. My ex who claimed he hated cats. And then I’d find them napping together.

To be honest I almost gave him the cat in the breakup bc they loved each other so much. But I figured he wouldn’t want anything reminding him of me... 
but I also feared if I offered he would take him. And I love my little musCATeer. It was a tough internal debate.
Is he a jew?  His nose looks jewish.
/r/Catsmirin
That’s their boyfriend now
Is your cat's name Puffer?  

Doesn't usually like men?  

That's not your boyfriend: you're in the 2020 version of There's Something About /u/EggshellsandEyeballs   [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2H\_XZ\_Nh8AI](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2H_XZ_Nh8AI)
He must have powerful fingers and long nails cause the cats face looks like mine after I've just got an hour long message with the Russian dude at the parlour.
Is cat boy or girl?
Oh so adorable!😍😘❤️
This belongs on r/mirin
This is so cute
Your cat looks high
He melt
r/toughguysholdingpets
That's a pussey's cat.
But... do you?
Pus 70 kjenner Lina Oma, for Puser Kjenner Kjenner.
The little pink beans
His markings mske it look like he has S ring on his paw! That's so cute!
/r/mirin
"I approve"
Never seen a cat sit that say lmaoooo
What a keeper, both of them!
Mr. Pimbles
He looks high af lol
Marry him
He’s a keeper
Ladies and gentlemen, this how it began
He's a keeper marry him
Your cat looks just like my Simba who we lost this year! Give him/her a big snug!
Seems like a keeper lol
My wife's cat looks at me like this . Ollie.
And I absolutely adore your cat
Djokovic, is that you?
The secret is your bf keeps an gram.of catnip in a bagging in had pocket whenever he visits you
Comment 666 here!
He's/She's gonna steal your man
That’s a good sign.
Bro why does your cat sit like me on my 13th hour of playing the same game during quarantine
awwww
Boyfriend's chin and nose remind me of Novak Djokovic
I bet your cats mastered the adoring look better than you 😂
This headline is borderline dangerous.
He is definitely havin a good time
it’s her boyfriend now
Must be a “keeper”!!
It seems like you're the third wheel
Either that or someone has been blowing weed smoke in the cat's face...
Gosh so cute. Just chilling and hanging out with the boy.  I think your cat approves of him.
That is the face of pure happiness
Catnip. Not even once
Meows' he's a keeper.
We demand a video of the adoration!
B E A N S
I think my wife's dog's love for me accounts for a large amount of why she put up with me at the start.
What a sweet and poignant photo.
cat like him
Competition.
He looks hella high.
You mean his cat tolerates you.
And I love your cat!  So precious.❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Yea me too
 Your cat likes him, he's a keeper
Cute
Looks like the feeling is mutual :)
Well you can't break up with him now, you'd break the cats heart
What a cute little moment!!!!!
🎵I can take your man if I want to🎵
Keeper!
That cat is going to steal your boyfriend
"this is my boy friend now"
He's a keeper!
This is too adorable.
This is just too cute!
My orange girl looks just like yours and is the same way with my boyfriend. She’s never like that with anyone, but is absolutely in love with him! As soon as he comes over she yells at him over and over until he sits down so she can hop on his lap
I love both of the smiles
Why did you marry? The cat.
Omg look at the love in that face 😍
Reincarnated panda
Why do cats love men so much?
That’s very important. My son did not accept my new boyfriend until the cat and dog cuddled with him.
Ugh that is too sweet
r/eyebleach
My cat looks at my roommate the same way. And me. And my other cat and my roommates cat. She just loves everyone.
Oof the hair on the couch!
Beautiful
Looks high as a fly
marry him
But do you?
He got catnip in his pocket
You mean her boyfriend???
He ain't no kitten but he sure is smitten!
"Hey bro, tell her about the time you..."
Guys who's gonna tell her
My roommate’s cat is I love with my boyfriend too!
I love cats sitting in their butts
He’s beautiful looks just like my Ivan the Terrible.  He’s been gone for 2 1/2 years. The love of my life (and I’ve been married 41 yrs.)
I used to call him Ivan the Terribly incorrigible or Ivan the terribly sweet.
He loved people and everybody loved him.
Your boyfriend?? It’s *her* boyfriend now.
This reminds me to pick up a lent roller
Dad, will you read me this story please? Thanks. 😸
[An oldie but a goodie](https://imgur.com/gallery/QceM06q)
Mine is the same way with my girlfriend haha! She never leaves her alone and my girlfriend gets so irritated when she's tryna focus on school work or something, its the cutest thing ever!
I remember that one relationship that lasted 2 months too long because of her cute cat ❤️
Why is your name eggshellsandeyeballs
Cubby cikity cat <3
If that's mease I'll freak
Leguminosae catus in seasonal bloom
he looks like pooh bear to me 😊
It's the cats boyfriend now
Damn, i didn't knew that all it take to get 500 awards and 100k upvotes are a cat and a boyfriend
That cat has this dreamy look, absolutely amazing.
The feeling seems mutual ☺️
Good sign
Nah, your boyfriend just smells like weed
That's adorable my husband is cat magnet our 8 kitties simply adore him😄
that means he’s a keeper
Meow
The Cats adorableness OVERLOAD is INFINITE.
I've caught my cat in this position many times, but never has he done this position on anybody's lap.

My new goal is to get him to do this. :]
Awwwwwwww so cute
Cat
He's a keeper! Cats know best...
Joint cat custody
Is your boyfriend Casey Neistat?
 absolutely adorable. He must be a keeper as all animals have a sense who's a good person and who is not.
Does he also give you the  "don't touch my man" glare? My cat does. He sits on my mans lap like that and gives me the evil eye and cries if I get affection from him.
It is a cute picture, but I always notice how people project their own feelings through cats.  I've noticed it repeatedly.

But your bf does look adorable.  Can't say I blame you.
[deleted]
"That's a large sniffer there, hooman."
You should keep the hairless one as well, seems like.
[deleted]
Nose Nose Nose Nose Nose Nose Nose
Damn I'm single while dude had two pvssies
That's not a cat, hun.  That's a lost family member you were close to reincarnated in the cat.  Look how he's sitting and his body language.
Is your boyfriend's name Andrew T.?
I’m sure the feeling is mutual, he loves your pus, er I mean cat as well.
this cat looks like it would pick your boyfriend over you in a custody battle

what a dick
"I wuv oo, I wuv oo," said the liitle gold cat.
Maybe your cat is just ogling your boyfriends massive schnoz?
Nice try there, girlie. I see that leg hair 😘
Cat fur fucking everywhere
