Living the dream
That's mad. A few hours ago I saw a sheep lying down and munching, like this. This video is the second time I've ever seen it. I'm 40 and live in Ireland, so I've seen a lot of sheep.
Breakfast in bed
Life is so great, lying here eating grass. I don’t understand why everyone says 2020 has been such a baaAAaaaAaAadd year.
I imagine animals all around the world are chilling now that we’re all indoors
It's nice to see someone else living out your dream
Actually looks like it's chewing its cud, not the grass, but still .
This one. *This* is my spirit animal.
I once had a very lazzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzy cat who would do this with her dry food if I left it on paper plate. Lost her 7 years and still miss her.
Pandemic mood.
it's probably not eating that grass it's probably chewing cud
I guess if you live in vegan farm, life could be pretty good for a sheep.
[deleted]
I’ve been working from home since the pandemic hit. My pup usually goes to day care but now that I’m home I haven’t had to take her. I have been letting her out in the backyard to get some sun and bird watch.

One day I looked out the window and saw her laying on her side in the middle of the yard, which was very unusual. I called her name several times and she didn’t respond. I started thinking the worst. I sprinted outside in a panic. 

As soon as I got to her I could see she was fully awake, laying on her side, just chewing on some grass, completely content. Little sh*t almost gave me a heart attack lol
That's my spirit animal
This is a god-damned mood right here.
I've worked on several Icelandic farms. My bosses told me Icelandic sheep often overeat and thus become too fat to get up from the ground. As they're out in the wide fields all summer and aren't regularly checked by the owners, those overeater sheep die while probably nibbling even more grass like this one. Sorry to destroy a bit of the romance here!
Me at 2 am eating cheetos:
Replace the grass with pizza and I'm there!
Why does it have the happy anime eyes
Just buy a fur suit and join the sheep
Typical teenager
That sheep could be sick. I would check before upvoting.
Seen a couple of sheep like this, unfortunately it was not a happy story. They were sick from tetanus after an attack by stray dogs
This is also what the last month of pregnancy looks like.
you don't know, that sheep could be dying..
/u/vredditshare
I finally find my spirit animal.
And then slaughtered for my flesh! Go vegan :)
This sheep has got it figured out....lol
*Takes notes*
I have been reincarnated!! 😃😃
*My life since covid*
Obligatory "found my spirit animal" comment
The Lord is my shepherd
Fryslân
Imagine your bedsheet made of food..
How do I download this? I wanna keep it and maybe put it as a screensaver
Man, that looks so great. I wish that was me!
Me on the couch since covid. Definitely have gained a couple of pounds
My husky does this sometimes
Aww so cute
This is how I eat nachos
I just want to do this with pizza.
Oh I know the feels. I'm like this when I wake up at 3am to binge.
my spirit animal
I thought only cats could be that lazy.
Living the life tbh
Literally so cute
Nom nom nom nooommm zzzzzzz... Huh..nom nom nom zzzzzz...
You forget the other side of things where we butcher them. Definitely not an enviable thing.
This is the best sheep ever!
I dunno man. Have you tasted grass?
New caption:
“Eating in bed watching shows during corona like nom nom nom nom”
Laze graze
I mean, you can if you really wanted to.
Practically anything goes nowadays.
wow I kinda wish I was that sheep right now
This is a genius sheep. He realized that the grass is on ground so why is he standing up to eat something that's on the ground.
That sheep is a genius! If he ever gets into a can of Redbull or Monster he may take over the world for a few hours!
Idk im sure I look like this when I'm eating a breakfast burrito in bed.
This right here is the dream.
Oh to be a sheep laying in the sunshine nibbling on grass
That would be me eating on a couch....if I had one.  I am putting this down as a must accomplish this year.
I understand this sheep.
God I wish that was me
Now that’s the life
live laugh love
Probably got slaughtered or sheered after this though.
sorry to be that guy, but this is likely a very ill animal.
Literally me :)
Wow he should get out back up after this cuz I think it’s sheep that can’t get up if they fall on there side on was it there back
He lays me down in green pastures and brings me beside still waters
Don't want to die or need to die, ect ect I hope people are actually starting to piece together that these animals are being slaughtered needlessly for our appetit. It's 2020 not the stone age.
My naem is shep

I full of wull

I nom on grass

To keep me full

Dont wanna stand

And so I lays

And chomp on grass

For rest of days
Assume this is how they wind down after Rhod Gilbert leaves...
This is like posting a picture of a condemned convict during his daily hour of recreation and longing for their circumstances.
Yes please
Alright, which one of you spray painted the other sheep?
Me hungover on a Sunday trying to drink water.
I hope this is my reincarnated self
That is the life right there.
Movie nights
That is one laid-baaaaack sheep!
My next incarnation please.
I'm just sittin here, mirrin' his vibe
Change that to a bed and a burrito and you have every drunk night of my college career.
Most people already are
That is the life.
That's the one I'm counting to fall asleep
Feeling kind of depressed today. This is uplifting. Thanks OP.
Try putting it in rice
So pure. We need more of this in 2020
I’m jealous.
This is actually what billionaires do.
That‘s life
That is a mood
I want to cuddle that sheep
I AM this sheep
Same, sheep. Saaaame
I basicaly already do this, although instead of grass its frozen pizza, and instead of a hill its a poorly lit room.
If it eats too much, it might not be able to get back up.
This is what my heaven will be
That circular green patch is what's left of some guys prize indica.
It would be so bizarre to be able to eat almost anything around you in your environment. Like this sheep is literally eating it’s bed like a boss
Me on Sundays
If I was a sheep, i would be this one
Hopelessly passing your time in the grassland away
Only dimly aware of a certain unease in the air
She was trying to count how many of her flock was in the pasture and fell asleep.
my mans is BOOLIN
sleepy sheepy
Adorable! What kind of grass is he/she eating? LOL
I would happily trade lives
Me as an animal
This is what I mean when I say "I went to Spain and India, then I went to a Harry Styles' concert and hung out with friends during summer break"
Definitely seen my pet pig do this, too. #Goals
Pretty much me on the floor with a spilled bag of Cheetos.
Me from Jan-Sep 2020*
My spirit animal😂
r/meirl
I bet this is what you looked like posting this on reddit
My spirit animal.
The most human sheep ever!
That sheep is probably laying there thinking he's a piece of crap just eating snacks and watching time slip away, wishing he was some important sheep with lambsibilities
Hey it's me
Fucking love that sheep
This is like me laying in a pile of French fries.
That's my spirit animal.
🤣
Yeah.  My spirit animal.

Hopefully not sick though.
\*sigh\* and I am over here working my 8-5 mortgage job. I've never wanted to be a sheep more than now.
Jealous
Found my spirit animal!
That’s the life I want to live
When I realize I’m literally in this position in bed right now eating gummy bears.
Sheep Day Out
I hope that's what we're seeing..
Nothing but sex and food in their mind
Or pops says the uterus
That's me right now with a bag of Chips Ahoy I managed to drag off my desk with a shoe.
My spirit animal!!
“Can’t be arsed.... just grassed”
Found my spirit animal
Mood
We had a dog that would do this. One year I tried growing herbs in a container so she would plop down next to that and just decimate all that was edible. I really loved that dog.
He was nibbling strong grass before this grass
That’s one lazy-arsed sheep. Respect.....
Maximum net calorie intake.
Such a hard life being a sheep XD
I always thought the concept of “spirit animal” was so dumb. 

This is my spirit animal
Stoned sheep
It not only doesn’t know so much about what makes its life possible, it also just doesn’t care. It’s grass-munching time.
Looks like ruminating, to me....
This is my baby when she wakes up.
Sometimes all we need are those happy moments to enjoy life :)
R/casualuk
A whole mood
I wonder if grazing animals ever get sick of how much time they need to spend eating just to survive? Cows for example need 90lbs of food a day on average, that means they spend about 6 hours a day eating, and 8 hours a day chewing their cud. Imagine if humans had to be chewing on food 14 hours a day just to survive lol
Current mood
If a sheep can nibble on grass a human can nibble on leaves
Me_irl
This is my old Bassett Hound in the summertime. She loves to flop onto the grass until she’s boiling hot and insists on trying to eat grass (she’s not sick and isn’t lacking vitamins just an obsessive idiot.)
Must be great to be aware that food is literally everywhere for that particular sheep.
Imagine sleeping in a bed made of donuts and munching donuts while you sleep
🐑 says "This is life!"
If this isn’t a life goal I don’t know what is!
Dude when a sheep has fallen down it can’t get itself up again and actually needs help doing so.
He!, Oscar
What a wonderful existence
That is laziness at its best.  I could see my dog doing this.
This is so calming
Thats life
Hey, that’s me. Stop being a pervert and filming me
Sheeps are like your stupid friend. They know how to enjoy life and have fun, thats it.
Lazy or just too hot?
I finally found my spirit animal.
"I don't get it, I was just taking a headcount of the guys, then I woke up here. Ooo grass. *nom*"
If this is the life of a sheep, eating and relaxing. Let me be a sheep
> (X) I'm in this picture and I don't like it
Relatable af
r/AnimalsBeingDerps
“No arms and no legs is basically how you exist now, Kevin.” — Michael Scott
Sometimes I wish I was a goat
This is how my cats eats
This is a mood
u/vredditshare
This is the most accurate picture of me that I've ever found on Reddit.
[deleted]
I'm sure this is my spirit animal
I never really thought about my possible spirit animal, but now I think I found it.
Vegans disliked that lmao
From now on, when I can’t sleep I’m going to think of this sheep instead of his buddies jumping over a fence.
That sheep is too old to be doing that, it needs to get a job.  What would it's mother think?
Found my dog. Glad he decided to dress like a sheep.
My Quarantine spirt animal
That's me after a night of heavy drinking :)
Yeah and becoming someone else's dinner at night. I am american and I love it.
Found my spirit animal
Can confirm. Am sheep
Parallel eating
This reminds me of my dog
I just want to be this sheep
r/tooktoomuch
r/meirl
that fat sheep might be a momma in labor
Actually it might need to be picked up, sheep sometimes lay down but can't get back up and they'll just die. My friend had sheep and one was just chillin but he didn't pick it up and it died next to the water bucket. Something to remember is what my grandpa always said about sheep "the only thing dumber than a sheep is the one who owns them"
This is how I'd like to spend the rest of 2020
I am not okay with people filming me while i am having my afternoon snack.
u/vredditshare
That sheep 🐑 is happier than 90% of people living in America.
Lol!  #Goals except for the grass would be replaced with a resort on a beach with a Pina Colada!
Look at the morons in this comment section pretending that an animal being fattened for slaughter is somehow worthy of envy. This is why we are doomed. People are mindless trash.
Harmless passing the time in the grasslands away.....
Only dimly aware of a certain unease in the air.
O S C A R
*New Zealand 100*
Nom nom nom
He’s stoned out of his gourd and has the munchies.
Ireland in a nutshell
I would trade lives with this sheep.
I feel like that’s a huge waste of paint and money to be putting lines at the edge of a road
Yep I could be one easily
I want to trade lifes
Suffering from success
My dream is to own a ranch with a bunch of rescue animals. Dogs, cats, cows, goats, chickens, piggies, etc.. And spend my days tending to them and chillin with all the animal homies.
It might just be dreaming. My dog moves her mouth like that a lot when she's dreaming.
Is that a Texelaar!
This. Now this is how stoned I wish I was.
What if the sheep is sick or injured and that's the only way it can eat? It's probably just being lazy but in nature animals usually only do that if there is an abnormal behaviour going on. Though humans tend to anthropomorphize and misinterpret animals actual behaviours.
Is Oscar
What a missed opportunity to title is "Lazin and grazin."
that is exactly how I ate second breakfast today
u/vredditshare
Me on Saturday morning 😁
My spirit animal
This is a god-damned mood right here.
Why is one blue?
Thats me on the weekend
Shoes are off, dead..
/r/yoursheepisborken
Im wholeheartedly jealous
Ewe lucky, lucky bastard.
Lamb chop till ya drop.
Who took this video of me on my lunch break???
I used to have [a big old fat cat](https://i.imgur.com/sW7cWeJ.jpg) who would lay beside his food bowl, reach up and knock a few bits on the floor, and proceed to eat exactly like this.
My spirit animal!
BAH RAM EWE
So cute
Wow
My spirit animal
My dog lays down and eats like this sometimes... There's nothing wrong with her she's just lazy lol
hope he's not in Oregon.
Same
I thought they only did this when sick??
i want what he has
I feel this
Me on the couch baked eating nachos
Yay its chop chop monday
The perfect gif doesn't exi-
Welp, finally found my spirit animal
Me at 8pm this evening but with pizza
Oh to be Prince Caspian with stumps instead of feet
I love how one of their natural eating poses is on their front knees  with straight hind legs, I guess so their mouths are closer to the grass.
Now that’s a mood
As I get ready to go to work, I have never been more jealous.
everyone has their own crisis
Its thinks she is Re nibbeling
I thought sheep can’t right themselves up?
Oh no. The one nearest the fence hast started to mold :(
I hope s/he doesn't eventually get the knife :C
Fenced in. Alone. Lying around eating. Yup. This sheep knows the drill in 2020.
Why not?
Precious 🥰
I see videos like this and think a simple human like me was born in the wrong body. I'm trans-species. I want to be my true self - sheep maaan
When it’s a Monday
Why wait? Become a cynic.
This is like if we laid in a field of pizza as humans.
That's a mood
Lmao so cute!!!🤗
Are we sure it’s ok?
I’m hungry for some mutton now damn.
Now that is ultimate laziness! Can’t say I don’t feel for him! 🤣
Mmmm...grass.
u/vredditshare
u/vredditshare
You can do that you know. Nobody’s stopping you.
That's life!!!!!! I think the sheep got the meaning of it!!
meirl
He is so comfy
It seems like us working from home
Where is this?
Do you guys think they count humans in their sleep?
Hey no one is stopping you from laying in the grass and eating it. Follow your dreams!
I mean you can totally go outside and lay in the grass and nibble away. Perfectly legal as far as I know. Neighbors might think you're weird and some dogs may come sniff you, but hey go live the dream!
That sheep be hacking life
She probably napping n dumping too
I think i just found my spirit animal
She is counting humans
Texel? At least it’s a Texelaar
He's been counting sheep
My dog does this. She must thinks she’s a lazy sheep.
Man...I wish that was me.
That sheep's actually an antifa member on heroin
Look how dumb sheep's look. Good thing we humans isn't like that, am i right fellow humans?
This is what I'll picture now listening to Bach's 'sheep may safely graze'
no worries at all
u/vredditdownload
Never thought I’d be so jelly of a sheep
Lol where is this? It looks familiar!
I’m so jealous
That’s. Me.
I found my spirit animal.
When u dab for the first time
It’s a cute as breed , but I really meant because of its attitude, it’s so chill.
Eating any plants from  the side of the highway is very dangerous. It is coated with dangerous chemicals.
Great to see therapist cuz when you've started tart tar don't bowling birthing along side towers of johnson wood world.
And then a Jihadi comes along. F.
Until your overlords decide they want some sheep for dinner
We should all strive to be more like this sheep
Shaun the Sheep behind the scenes
/u/vredditshare
Yes it would be lovely until ... the unpleasantness...
Me when I am high
Life
That’s made my day. Love it 😍
Breakfast in bed?
I reckon that sheeps dying. Background - Im a kiwi
He's going to have heartburn
That’s the best dream ever! Thanks baby
So pure it hurts
Can someone teach me how to do the download thing? 🤓
As a vegetarian, this is my ultimate goal in life.
So sheep and guinea pigs aren't that different after all.
Is it sleep eating?
I want to be that sheep so much
Without a care in the world.
This sheep is living my retirement dream. You live your best life sheep, you've graised hard for this.
When you’re hungry, but are too lazy to get up...
Now that's a spirit animal i can get behind.
“Just Nibblin’!”- Bill Burr
this is me doing anything
Survival of the Fittest !!
Poor baby probably tired from jumping over the end of the bed and being counted.
That’s what my dog does.
A day in the life of....
Is that the equivalent to a human eating in bed ?
It also lays flat when it’s in the packet too.
Oscar!
They counted humans backwards
This sheep knows something I don’t
"Hey sheep - what's happening bro?"

"Oh mutton much."
My spirit animal right there
I wonder, did it just say "nope" and plop over to eat or is it depressed and this is the sheep version of eating in bed?  Questions are raised.  Will it roll over when it needs a new place to nibble?  Are the other sheep mocking it?  Maybe it only has those two legs?  This will plague me for at least 10 mins.  Maybe less.
I used to have an overweight cat that used to eat that way, I'd always pick him up and make him crouch, it was cute though
Me coming home drunk and going down on my girlfriend
I would love to trade paces with that ewe right now!
Work smart, not hard.
Double mattress!
That sheep MONCH
Just be a Republican. That’s all they do.
He’s the embodiment of a lot of people I know
I have recently rediscovered this horrible joy. 

Took some chips to bed last night. 

Few nights ago some grapes.
Sheep are lazy. Utterly frustrating coming over sheep blocking the road not caring that big vehicle is rolling towards them. Feels like an episode of Shaun the Sheep when you have to go out and “shoo” them.
Thats most of african americans sadly
Looks like the sheep has bloat.
 that's totally me on the weekend
Me too sheep, me too...
Foot rot.
I wanna be this sheep
I would like to be reincarnated as that sheep.
I"m jealous
Probably just chewing his cud. They regurgitate grass over and over to grind it up enough for stomach #1.
So much better then standing on the steap incline haha
Saving this to look at during sad times... so pretty much a fair amount in 2020.
Livin’ his best life.
The fact that this is all I aspire to do in life is kinda sad
My goats do this too! Adorkable!
Aww man! Now i want a sheep!
Mood.
I believe this is on the isle called Texel (Netherlands)
That's me on a good day.
She is exhasted
We shouldn't make light of this unfortunate creature.  Clearly he is suffering from an advanced case of ovine boneitis.  Perhaps one day there will be a cure, but for now all we can do is try to make him comfortable.
u/vredditshare
Dude kind-of has it all figured out
Listen to Gorrilaz and just nibble away...
Holy Sheep!!!!
Add a screen with Netflix playing on it and you have me.
If I had a garden I would not sell anything and I would do this.
Now that is the good life. I want to lay down on my floor and eat grass
I wish I still had the ability to take control of vehicles, I would so hit them
Can someone give me this life please 🙂 lol
My dream life...
* I'm in this picture and do not like it *
Making the most of the moment.
Me_irl
My spirit animal.
So cute. I noticed the other sheep in the video has blue spray paint on him. What’s up with that?
me sticking my tongue in the popcorn bag
I feel like I'm this sheep on a Monday Morning in bed!
adorable sheep :)
Man i wanna be a sheep bahh
https://i.imgur.com/b7f1JvJ.gif
Working from home - computer on - pjs on
This is my spirit animal..
Grazin in the grass is a gas baby, can you dig it?
Carelessly passing their time in the grasslands away...
this would be nice, but being wanted by anyone on earth would be better
I was scrolling through my page when listening to “midnight city” and the bass hit when I saw this
That ruminant is ruminating! It’s a sheep chewing it’s cud - regurgitated grass! 

Kiss me I’m Irish
lol I love this.

I need to find a way to eat like this...
MINT SAUCE!!!
Just like my cheetos in bed eating ass
What if he fell and now he can’t get up because he doesn’t have Life Alert??
/u/vredditshare
this reminded me of a project I did on pandas. they will go to a river drink as much water as they can then pass out.
u/vredditshare
Damn whenever I eat lying down I get acid reflux smh
Anyone who ever ate in bed did that
I think being a sheep raised for wool would be a pretty chill life. You just wander around eating grass until it starts getting kinda hot, then the nice man who takes care of you comes around and shaves off your coat. Rinse repeat for however long sheep live.
u/Rob-Side-B hahaha you if you could
this is a picture to describe mondays.
Zzzzzzzzzz
Now that’s my kind of sheeple!
Sunday morning
Livin’ and chillin’ all at once
Not healthy needs medical attention
Why is the one closer to camera have blue on it??
This is the most aww video I've ever seen
God I’ve found a lazier creature than my Guinea Pigs.
I’m 100% trying to do this for a living.
But we are...it’s called reddit
That's the dream
Imagine just havin your food be everywhere
Laying down while eating is what separates from the anima....oh never mind.
Go Vegan!
You know it's been a bad year when everyone starts to envy livestock.
Mood
Mood af
I think your sheep is broken!
Lol what a lifeee
I much preferred being a human lazily sitting on my couch nibbling on my wasabi seaweed snacks. I have Netflix and shit
I didn't give permission to be recorded
You nailed it on the hill they built.
Sheep is chewing his/her cud.
My spirit animal:
career goal
He is not lazy; he is not eating the grass. Ruminants regurgitate when they are resting mostly
What a pig.
u/vredditshare

Link: https://i.imgur.com/sQ8KiXc.mp4
Me Irl. I wish
On a seperate note, I don’t trust that car in the background. I’ve watched this for a few minutes now and it keeps doing a drive by, might be trying to abduct our sheep friend.
vegan gains
Boss be like, “did you see my email”
Looks like that other sheep blue himself.
Not two scats to give
Why is this sheep such a mood ? Lol
get slaughtered.
Happy little sheep 🐑
Hope the other sheep doesn’t copy him, like ya I wonder why we bothered eating while standing all this time!
everyone during quarantine:
;; living his best life.
This is the level of effort I aspire to on the daily
Fuck quarantine, am grassntining
That’s me during the lockdown
Proof! If you snooze you do NOT in fact lose
Pandemic goals
^nomnomnomnom
When a sheep does it its cute, but when i lie in bed naked eating chips suddenly im pathetic and lazy.
This is my spirit animal❤️
Sleeping and eating, I want that dream too...
This is how my dog treats treats
Yeah until your turned into mutton
I have dreams about being this carefree and comfortable.
Can you really blame him though?
https://youtu.be/ZIUCRXMM4pE
Its chewing its cud not chewing grass. LOL
u/vredditshare
I voted it down for poor focus.
That sheep may be happy, but that other sheep in front got laid (the one with the blue)
OSCAR DURMIENDO Y COMIENDO.
Or dying of heat exhaustion ?
My spirit animal
I.Q 

350
r/allofusin2020
Mood
Can I pick a new spirit animal?
That’s what I’ve been doing the last 5 months
Life is good
Looks like he’s in SHEAR BLISS!
Goals
I saw the cow first , still next to each other though so A+
And get killed. U can eat grass anytime..
Thought it said nibbas
I just saw a cow do this
At least this sheep is not being tortured and crying in the slaughterhouse right now
It appears he had a bit to much weed
It probably ate some liberty caps
If I were a sheep
But then also being shaved off every week, so that hoomans can stay warm. Or worse be slaughtered so hoomans can have a freakin ritual.
What happened? A cow is lazily nibbling , a sheep is lazily nibbling .. I see they've caught my laziness disease.
I did the same thing once, but shrooms were involved.
Emmm, shepherd's pie
enjoying to live in dream world
Aw bob if you ever leave me I know where to look!
Hope he is lazy, and not disabled
If only most sheep got this luxury instead of being factory farmed 😔
My dog does this sometimes.
Since sheep/cows/etc are pretty much surrounded by an essentially limitless supply of food, how come they don't get to be massively obese?

I feel like if grass was like my favorite thing to eat and I could digest it properly I'd probably weigh 1000 lbs
wow, i hope i'm not too late for this comment to be seen... PSA: if you see this, you have the opportunity to save a sheep's life. Sheep do not lay down on their backs to scratch or "lazily nibble grass on a hill". They have a very hard time standing up from this position. This a particular problem for pregnant sheep. If you see a sheep like this, helping it up could mean preventing it from dying where it lies.... I know this is kind of hard to believe, but if you care, learn more & share the word. Here's some more info: https://youtu.be/B0iJQD7B6DQ
That’s literally me.
What do sheep count to go to sleep blades of grass?
Currently in staycation. If I look in a mirror, this is exactly what I would see.
Sums up a lot of people in quarantine.
You are joking right?. Constant eating 18 -20 hours a day.walking to find more grass. Chewing and regurgitating and rechewing. If you are lucky you are born female and will have several years life giving birth to twins every year. Shorn of hair once per year.
Oh and there's so little money in sheep farming you will never see the vet so no healthcare except what the farmer can do.
And if you are male. Probably got one summer of life before becoming spring lamb.
Mooi. Ik houdt van Texel
It’s not lazy it’s dying.
It good to see animals not being stressed and fighting eachother in a factory farm :) The meat of a chilled out animal is better than a streesed one's
Being a human sucks, id much rather be this
ein lamm vom deich das schmeckt man gleich
Its not sleeping. Its dead.
My spirit a O’Neal
I want to trade lives with him
Lost in the sauce
When the shrooms kick in.
My spirit animal
u/vredditshare
Where is this? Lancashire?
they aren't grazing, they are chewing their cud. having so many stomachs they regurgitate into their mouth and rechew before it goes into another stomach.
Then being killed for food
few thoughts...

you don't know what that sheep is going through. it may be laying down because it just witnessed its family member/friend forcibly manhandled and shorn of its fur, or worse, butchered. what we're witnessing is this sheep giving in to the inevitability of its demise.

another is, given geographical constraints, there may be nothing preventing you from laying in a field somewhere and nibbling on grass. matter of fact, do this and send us a follow up picture...
This is a repost
Edit: found link to original from 2 months ago https://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/hi2um5/found_my_spirit_animal/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share
Oh to be trapped in a ~~cage~~ (edit: fenced in strip of grass) with nothing better to do than to lay down lifelessly and chomp on grass
My spirit animal 🐑
My spirit animal, Lazy sheep.
Fine till it comes time for lamb chops
I feel a connection to this sheep 😂😂
Life goals.
Lazy today stew tomorrow.
Living the best life
Life goals
My spirit animal
That's my spirit animal 😅
[oh to be a sheep (lamb) ](https://www.tariqhalalmeats.com/tariq-halal-lamb-headskinoff.html)
/u/vredditshare
Why is the other sheep painted blue? Is that how blue wool is made? /s
u/vredditshare
u/vredditshare
Then you realise its Chronic Wasting Disease
Dems these days!
Edit:        it’s paralyzed
Thats most of the people on dole.
I want to be that sheep
That fuzzy lawn mower is living his best life.
Damn, I wish I had that stress level.
My YouTube channel is about reacting to famous song and doing smash or pass public interviews youtu.be/0sgQrNEyXB4
That's not a hill it's a Deich.
I gulped down 2 large glasses of tonic water with Quinine. Yikes. I was really woozy. Scary. The pangolins have their vaccines for maleria and coronavirus. Where is ours? Perhaps I was just sleepy but it makes me nervous. I had this once before but no fever. The quinine seemed to work. I feel more alert. Must remember to drink my quinine daily.
Hey that’s my boy pedro
Sleeping sickness? Need to get more tonic water with Quinine. Malaria and Corona are the same family of sickness. It would be bad to drift off and not wake up. Reddit keeping me alive. Have not had my vaccine yet.
My Dad thought I had malaria because I was so sleepy as a teen. He got me tested even. I always took my quinine when we went to the coast though.
#Sheep Fucker
