I think they both found the right one to be with. That kitty is going to get a lot of love and affection I’m guessing
I'm very sorry for asking but is his condition medical or from an accident, my curiosity outweighs my politeness so again I am sorry.
I don’t know how to give an award with a message so I gave you the bear and I’ll say this
AWWWWWW
Get up on out of here with my eyeholes! This is great though
There’s this pervasive idea that scarring/trauma makes you less beautiful, but he seems perfectly beautiful to me. It’s like that Roald Dahl poem about what makes someone beautiful, where he says someone with beautiful thoughts will always look lovely. This entire picture is lit up from the love this guy has for his cat, and his smile is completely genuine. Both he and the cat look absolutely perfect to me. I’ve honestly never before seen anything with that same quality. 

The poem, for reference:

"If a person has ugly thoughts, it begins to show on the face. And when that person has ugly thoughts every day, every week, every year, the face gets uglier and uglier until you can hardly bear to look at it.

A person who has good thoughts cannot ever be ugly. You can have a wonky nose and a crooked mouth and a double chin and stick-out teeth, but if you have good thoughts it will shine out of your face like sunbeams and you will always look lovely.”
Very cool! And sweet :)
I just cut 2 finger off and laying in er panicked. Realising what this guy must have gone through with that injury.... Damn. Just inspired me
Out of curiosity, what happened to each of them? it's ok if you don't want to answer. I'm fine with just having a wholesome post : )
A soulmate for you both!!!!
Omg my heart is full for this photo of you two!! ❤️❤️😭😭😭❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Two wrongs may not make a right - but two Odins do!
Yes! Best friends forever!
2 future pirates
r/piratekitties
In the land of the blind, the one eyed man is king.
We had a cat named Phoebe that looks very similar to this kitty, but her missing eye was the other one.

She was SOOOO cuddly all the time.
Beautiful
He looks so genuinely happy :')
Aww so sweet😊Wishing many years together for you guys!!!!
He looks so happy!
This is so beautiful! I'm glad they both found each other :)
This man might have lost his eyes but he still has his sight for life ... stay up friend glad you got a little kitty to share life with
The cat is weary but very happy at the same time. And the guy is just pure happiness, look at that smile!! Great match I'd say.
Omg that smile on that man ... he is about to give that cat the world! I love it
Eye see what you did there
Awww i love them both
So sweet!!
Sometimes when you stop looking for love, that’s when you find it.
I love the number of smilies and hearts and exclamation marks in the replies. 

Your husband is a survivor, great picture. 👍
That kitty's missing the same eye as me
Was it love at first sight?!
my first reaction was "holy shit that guy must be SO allergic to cats" then i realized he didn't have any eyeballs.
AWWsome photo!
Not yet !
This makes my day
Reminds me of eyehole cereal from rick and morty
I imagine the man has been thru a lot because of his face and the fact that he still has a smile better than me is truly awesome.
Eye believe in a thing called love!
I love this. Beautiful picture, captured a moment.
All I see is two pirates buddies about to rock the seven seas
Very cute, the cat is OK too I guess
IT SO CUTE
if there even is a holloween then they should dress up as pirates
I hope you’re both happy with each other!
Eye Eye
It is such a lovely picture. The happiness on his face is just so wholesome
Random person with disability: *exists*.                            
Reddit: awards and upvotes
They look cute :)
Much joy, and all things good to you both!
They are both adorable! I wish them all the happiness in the world! <3
Happy and sad at same time
This warms my ♥️
An eye for an eye
See? They can keep an eye on each other now!
ITS SO BEAUTIFUL FFS i haven’t felt joy like this in a while! ;D This makes my heart melt
Unconditional Love.
Give em eyepatches and you'll have Metal Gear 1 Venom and his pet cat. What a badass.
This is great
Meant to be!
😻
That is so adorable omg
Beautiful.
Omg they're so cute!
I'm sorry, but you ARE the father.
wholesome
Adorable!!!
I love this so much!!
Wow the absolute pure joy on his face is amazing
I’m way too emotionally fragile atm for something so GD wholesome.
The eyes (ayes) have it
I AM NOT CRYING YOU ARE CRYING
Oh my goodness, they are the cutest. 😭♥️
nice
God he looks so happy. So lovely to see.
/r/specialaww was made for companions like this!
HOLY MOLY THE AMMOUNT OF AWARDS ON THIS POST
I dont know this man, but I'd love to find him and just give him a huge hug. I love this so much.
Why do you all have to make me cry with your wholesome pictures/posts
Aww
Name?
Love it!!! 🥰
Is there a way to give this post more than one upvote?
His smile is what gets me
Post battle pic, Cat 2 Human 1. 

And Neeeeeewwwww Ultimate Eye-Gouging Heavyweight Champion....
I’m the only one who’s allowed eyeholes. Get on up outta here with my eye holes!
Isn’t amazing how people mimic their pets🙂
Soo cute!
The stupendous love winks these two will exchange. ❤️U. ❤️U. ❤️U. ❤️U.  
  
My cat just sits and blinks at me. Usually there’s hunger involved.
Whats his story?
was it wrong for me to think it was a faceswap gone wrong for a sec?
the wholesomeness
Wtf. People are such assholes.
Going to need some context here
That's the great thing about pets. They don't care how you look or anything. As long as you treat them well and love them they will love you no matter what!
That smile is so pure! I'm happy for them both :')
This pic made me day
Best picture on the internet.
I love this.
This is the sweetest thing I've seen on Reddit.
SO sweet!
Oh I love it!!
Wow. Can I ask what happened to the dude or was he just born that way?
This somehow reminds me of Toothless and Hiccup near the end of part 1.
He looks so happy! Wholesome duo
Aww
I wish them all the happy snuggles!
Awwwwwwwwww
I love this ❤️
People can be wonderful.
Cats like,”...it’s eye for and eyes.”
Hopper?
I remember seeing a one-eyed cat at an animal shelter once. It was sitting on top of the back of this one chair. Then when it tried to get down, but had a hard time because of the lack of depth perception. Poor kitty kept trying to lower its paw without falling, not knowing how high up it was.
Is there more to say than aww!
The joy is beyond measurable.
Awwww
Awwww
That made me cry and smile at the same time. What a wholesome picture!
That’s the most genuine smile I’ve seen in a while
That’s beautiful ❤️
Ohhhh my heart 🥺
Awwwww I love it!
I love it
Just looking at this makes me so happy for both of them!
You are a wife role model. Thank you.
Team 20/20
In the land of the blind, the one eyed Cat is cutest!
That’s a fantastic picture
This is some Chicken Soup for the Soul shit
I want nothing more than these two to just be a happy family!
I love this!
This is too cute 😍
My eyes look like this too, when I pet kitties.
So blessed!! Adorable pals
Very Sweet
So cute. Love it.
Good thing with animals is, they don't judge you at all if you give them a good presence :)
 I'm sorry if I may seem disrespectful in any way, but I can't figure out if the man in this photo is missing an eye or both, if anyone knows, could they tell me?
In the land of the blind, the one eyed cat is king
what.. happened to the man tho?
[removed]
Wholesome
Dope haha!!
When the demoman gets a cat
I’m so sorry but what happened? That looks like an injury ;(

That cat and the man were meant for each other!❤️
I wonder the story behind their scars
Wow the cat looks like it never had an eye yo begin with, amazing how closed out it is.
In the land of the blind, the one-eyed man is king.
In the land of the blind, the one eyed Cat is king
Squish that cat
[removed]
[removed]
These Snapchat filters are getting out of hand
[deleted]
[removed]
This is so sweet. That man will love and cherish that dog forever.
[removed]
That cat does not look happy
Cripplin😎😎
[removed]
The cat is one eye up on the man.
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
This is the Aww subreddit.
This isn’t a picture anyone really says ‘Aww’ to.
[deleted]
Reminds me of Berserk
NSFW!
I know that this joke is kinda out of place, but i have to make it.. Oedipus?
I thought his lips were photoshopped to his eyes, for a second there.
[removed]
Really wish people would put these images under NSFW...
lookin like a snapchat filter
There is a rick and morty joke some in this photo
Wtf is this
[removed]
[deleted]
Oof
I mean the cat has an eye so it’s not a perfect match.
WHA-
Damn, they should declaw that cat.
\*HOOLP
Why is the cat’s stitch so much cleaner?
İts not aww its ewww
I thought this was a face swap.
I don’t think that cat’s eye is going to fit sir.
[removed]
I am the Eye Hole Man!
Not exactly, cat needs the other eye gone
the guys eye looks distorted
Half a match.
be careful of the eye hole man.
LMAOOOO ewwww wtf
How can he tell??
Where tf his eyes
So, they have the same color hair?
[removed]
The eyes award would be cursed...
Lmao what filter did you use for this? 😂
ЭТО ТАК МИЛО
R/nawww
wts is jo
lmao matched on tinder when they having bing bong?
[removed]
what the FUCK did I just look at
Were they both attacked by a pit pull?
What if it's just a reminder everyday that his eye is missing...
[removed]
[removed]
