Those teeny wet paws omg
That's a budding r/CatsWhoYell if I ever heard one
He’s adorable!! Congratulations, he’ll be very happy with you :) 

My cat is lying next to me and as soon as I started watching your video he perked right up and was sniffing my phone trying to figure out where your cat was!
Sometime you pick the kitten, sometimes the kitten picks you. R.I.P. Spike. You were the bestest cat ever!!!
Volume on please. Monday I arrived at a local shelter to transport a German Shepherd that had been pulled by a rescue to transport it to its foster. On entering the lobby, I heard this loud, echoing yowling and I had to go see it, if course. Because of Covid there were signs everywhere NOT to touch the animals which only made the yowling louder. He was a singleton and for a kitten, that's tough! I quickly posted him to several rescue groups I transport for but at the last minute I decided, just adopt him and deal with it later. Luckily I had an extra crate with me. Not a half hour later a rescue had found a foster for the tiny loud mouth we named Paw-varotti.
You guys, I am truly overwhelmed by the response little Paw-varotti has received. Thank you for all the awards. I wish I could convert them into donations to help more of the rescue groups I work with. They go above and beyond. I have so many stories of animals that get helped thru their dedication. For now, mighty little kitten Paw-varotti is currently sleeping in a shoe box. I promise to post some follow ups pics or videos.
My cats are now very concerned for him, glad he has a new home!
I don’t much like cats. And I don’t usually read subs like this. Having said that, I won’t lie, I’d have left with him too.
AWEEEEE i never thought id own a cat but i do and i don’t regret sHIT
I went to adopt a dog I saw on Petfinder and they also had cats running around. I mentioned how much “I love the orange ones” and she says “take him, no charge...” and I said no, i can’t get another cat... this goes back and forth thru the next visit when i went to actually pick up the dog I was adopting and she hands me the cat. 
So, I took the cat. Best Cat Ever. I was lucky to have him almost 13 years. He was pure love and joy.
That little one was calling to you. I am so glad that cutie will have a loving home.
People who don't  like cats have never hat cats.
r/catswhoyell
You’re gonna get bossed around for the rest of your life lol, love it.
"Out, out...let me out!"
This is the first time I’ve heard a cat meow that actually sounds like the word “meow” to me
I played this video with audio, and my male cats who normally hate each other briefly ran toward me and gave each other a head butt. This kitten's meow brought my kitty family together <3
Nice, what's his name?
That kitty chose you
The cat was like, you gonna pass up a 10!
My black cat was very concerned over the noises this little guy was making. She meowed concerned looking all around me, she never meows. 
My calico was less concerned looking but matched kitty meow for meow.
He’s a cutie, but seems like a rascal. I feel confident he will climb your blinds and find himself trapped in closets because he snuck in.
That happened with our kitten Oz. We went to the store for cat food and the little jerk had the sheer audacity to lock eyes with my husband and slowly put his paw on the glass. The nerve...
Good choice! I adopted a kitten by “accident” once because the kitten was desperate to be petted but another kitten kept stealing his pets. Merlin came home with me and we spent the best 11 years of my life together before cancer took him too soon.
If I went to buy cat food and saw a kitten doing that. I would be walking home with another kitten. 

We got 2 cats now and I don't go to animal shelters anymore because I wouldn't be able to walk away from an animal in a cage.
Squeaky wheel gets the forever home
Ot truly is amazing how cats dog their way into your heart. A lot of people say "cats are assholes or they don't care" when in truth it's the opposite.  If you show your little feline buddy lots of love, play, and attention, your bond with them will be inseparable. Unfortunately for me, my two kitties love their mom more than their dad... but I still get wet kisses on the nose here and there.
"Hey! HEY!  HEEEEEEEYYY YOU!!!! I'M TALKING TO YOU!".  so precious
Cat in the shelter: "Its love at first sight, please stay with me forever!  😍😍😍"

Cat 4 hours after getting home: "Look, I don't even know you."
Task failed successfully
A nicey boy! I see he want the people.
catto: save me from here and you shall be my slave. Oh and btw, you’ll love it.
Just said goodbye last Saturday to my cat of 14 years (he was 19). I'm devastated. But seeing this baby wanting to be held just broke me again.
[deleted]
How's he doing at home?
Rude. I'll take him.
Those meows caused my two to go crazy looking to help this little kitty, glad he is going to a good home.
Looks like a future asshole. I like him already.
Please post photos of him happy and getting pets or I’m going to cry :(
Oh those meows 😭❤️
You know that kitty was like, “okay I’ve rehearsed all morning for this. Time to SHINE!”
We found a forever home for a pupper we rescued on Tuesday. Tomorrow we're going to adopt a 4 year old German Sheppard thats been at the shelter for 5 months. I hate going to shelters, I wanna take them all home.
This reminded me of when I adopted my noisy little furball. Had to go find him and give him a hug.

For which I earned a "what the fuck is wrong with you" look haha.
We got a kitten about a year ago that looks exactly like this one. And is suuuuper talkative like this. Enjoy!
I've seen so many kitties meow like that when I walked by their cages in the shelters. Every last one of them deserves a good home.
I have A LOT of kitties and that is the terrifidest little scream!  Good on you!  You will never regret it :)  He will be a sweet little lap kitty in now time.  Also, I have found that treated the right way little boy kitties turn into little puppies soon enough.  They want to be everywhere their human is--and right in the middle of things.  Love 'em.  Love everything about 'em.
Sometimes you dont get to pick your pet, the pet picks you.
I hate how after a "shit load of science" this is better for the cat than it just roaming free.  


I truly just dont buy it man.. These are the most survivable creature on planet Earth and have been around since before humans.. and coexist with us just fine ...  I just dont get sticking them in a cage.
Cats really do pick you, not the other way around.
That meow is adorable, oh my god. Please update us! I want to see a million photos and videos of him happy!
Thats how my mother and i got chosen when we took our first rescue. Hardy (we just called him D-D after that) basically just hung up on the chicken wire mesh door and boldly, flatly said "Hewlooww" to us.

Needless to say the papers were signed an hour later and he spent a good 12+ years with us, till he went to sleep one last time late last year. A great cat, affectionate and loving, hope he's doing ok up in the big cat tree.
As a lifelong dog person - and someone allergic to cats - I finally caved and decided to get a (mostly) hypoallergenic kitten since my gf adores cats. 

We've had her a little under 2 years and my God, I am floored by how much I love that little furry creature. Even though I still get bleary eyes and sneaze if she gets in my face, you better beleive I let her lay on my chest and nuzzle my face while I rub her little belly lol. 

Enjoy your new friend. Cats are wonderful companions.
Oh! He needs to be taken home and loved!   I want him!!
How could you not?

This reminds me of the time I went to get a brick in the walkway of our SPCA in memory of a friend who’d just passed. Left with a cat. They tried to get me to take 2 because it was a 2fer time, but we already had 2 other cats at the time...(says the woman who eventually had 2 dogs and 7 cats)
Can you post a picture of the little guy, maybe warm on your couch?  Want to see him happy now.
Translation, "Get me outta here and I'll love you forever!"
I’d adopt him on the spot too. This is why I can’t visit animal shelters.
I had to put my sweet 20 year old cat down today and this kitten looks so much like him as a kitten. He was loud like that too. Thank you for saving this little sweetheart.
Turns out, animals don't like to be locked in cages.
He/she's gonna be a talkative one ;)  please update with some lively conversations!
Now go back and find a puppy who needs to be broken out of jail.😁You know you want one of each now!
Nothing wants to be caged...
Damn... that dog broken, maybe it speaks Spanish.
This is exactly how I got my cat, my mom took me when I was 13 to get a cat for the house, she was dead set on this white short hair cat, it just didn’t resonate with me, so I walked back and fourth along the cages and saw this little black and brown, chimera calico kitten that was mostly head just staring at me, I walked up and started scratching her through the bars and my 13 year old heart melted. My mom called me back so when I turned to leave the little walking head started meowing super loud and reaching for me through the bars and I almost started crying it was so cute. I begged and begged my mom but she wanted that white cat. 
Well anyways 16 years later I still have that walking head of a kitten, her name is midnight and she’s grown into her head. I love that old lady
Oh my goodness what a sweetheart.  That little cry would of done me too.
This boy HARDCORE picked you.
The video started playing with the sound while i'm listening to some techno, I thought "oh i love that song with meows in it"
My dog did the exact same thing when my parents went to the shelter to get one, the volunteer girl there said that he was very afraid of men but when he saw my father he immediately stood up against the fence in front of my dad :)
Got my first kitten with my ex but she left with him, it hurts bro I loved that cat.
This puppy barks weird xD
"Hey you, shit head, let's ROLL!"
The wand chooses the wizard
I was there to pick him up to take him to his foster family for a German Shepherd rescue so he definitely got out. Somewhere among these comments I posted his photo. He was a really good boy and is doing very well. Once I get permission from his foster, I will share his "freedom" pic she took. He had been at the shelter since Aug 5th, poor baby and he's heartworm positive so he's really lucky the shelter tagged him out. Now he can get treatment and a forever home. Texas is such a huge state with so much of it still very rural that small, rural shelters like the one he and this kitten were at need all the help and attention they can get. There were so many other cats and kittens there but he was the only solo kitten and had no little buddy or mom to comfort him. The animal control officers said he had been like this for days!
that dog is a cat dude
So when you going back for the dog? This guy needs a playmate! :-)
It's all cute and games until they do that **every single morning** **at 5 am** demanding to be fed.

Sincerely, 

A Siamese owner.
Hope you got a dog too?
You clearly belong to him...pets always know.
I’ve never been a cat person, but now I want to adopt all the cats.
awww, the climbing!! too cute :,)
he put in a good effort with his cries and it paid off :D amazing.
That was an aawww moment thank you for adopting ❤️
Well yeah, you pretty much had to at that point
show proof I want to see you with that cat poor little baby
He’s gonna wreck it’s shit but looks like a interactive friendly cat, so it’s worth it
Got one myself. It's like having a baby in the house, it'll be running and breaking stuff at 2 am and yet it will be the cutest thing in the world.
Squeaky wheel, gets the oil
He chose you and needed you to know it!
Lol when I got my dog I was originally looking for a cat
His pronunciation is unmatched
clearly their GET ME OUTTAAAAA HEEEEREEE game is ON POINT!

Congrats to you both!
Dude
I wouldve left with him too
You do not chose your Cat Master...your Cat Master chooses you.
I’m glad you gave him a home. (I bet he is a really happy cat to have a home).
He smelled family 💚🤙🏼
I love that he doesn't sound so much scared or pathetic as indignant. "I am in this cage and it is your job, no, your*obligation* to get me out of it."

Also, this video just freaked the hell out of my cat.
You don’t choose a cat. It chooses you.
Did you end up getting the dog to?
Why not get both?
Did you also get a dog though?
Can we get an update pic of the kitty in their new house?
this is why i cant go to animal shelters. i want to take them all home
how he begged you to take him with you.
So you basicaly wanted a dog and left with a cat dog
"You gotta get me outta here!"
Please post updates :(
Show us a vid of him at home.
OY M8 COULD YEW PLEASE GET ME THE FOOK OUTTA HERE
*”Meow! Stop filming and* **GET ME THE FUCK OUT OF THIS CAGE!** *meow”*
#YOU HAVE BEEN CHOSEN, MORTAL, NOW RELEASE ME FROM THIS CELL AND LET US LOOSE ON THE WORLD.
You came for a friend, you left with a master ..... excellent.  

This is why cats rule the world.
Didn't even show him leaving with the cat.

90k likes
Bless your heart! 💖✨ That little one will certainly bring you a lot of joy. (Also exhaustion, but mostly joy. 😉😜🤪)
You got adopted by this cute lil guy
He is like „huuuumon meeee, I said meeee you huuumon, look look I can stand!“
Thats how I got mine! He was a DLH, so he was way more expensive than the other cats at the shelter, so I wrote him off even though he was very friendly. I was deciding between 2 other cats when I heard a bang and i looked over to see this same thing. He's a little monster and I love him
chicken cat
Already love him
It's really like he's going "Mum! MUM! MMMMMUUUUMMM!" like "finally my hooman got here, when can we leave?"
That cat is begging to be picked oh my god it’s so precious.
Oh mah gawwdd that creaturee..ooff
I feel like this kitten is actually genuinely trying to communicate something
You got scammed. That's clearly a parrot.
Let MEOW-t.
r/catswhoyell
That's a weird looking dog. LOL
I love the little meows 😭😭
Omg thank you for giving this loving baby a new home where he can get head screatches :))
He picked you
he was talkin to you askin if you would take him home so he can knock things off your counters.
People act like cats are antisocial but they're actually extremely social. Especially as a kitten, usually they sleep in a pile of their siblings and play whenever they're not, it's really sad for a kitten to be alone like that.
There’s no way I could stop my self from adopting him
Ya you had no chance against that
Yup. Thay would win me over too
This is how I ended up with both my current cats. Two different occasions when volunteering. First the feisty calico whacked me on the head with her paw through the cage as I was passing like she was saying “I choose you!” And I couldn’t say no to that.
And my ginger boy cat stole my heart when I was giving him some attention. He wrapped around my head like a furry scarf and purred madly. I couldn’t leave him there. My calico was pissed. They still don’t like each other that much even years later.
20 years ago I went to a cat rescue event, to adopt.  There were about 50 cages, stacked three high.  I went to every cage and said HI KITTY!! In a high pitched voice.  None of the cats responded, until I got to the very last cage, on the bottom.  One last try...HI KITTY!...this cat mewed relentlessly, shaking his tail, purring.  I took him. We had 14 amazing years together. FATTY was 23 pounds of pure love.  Never met anyone he didnt like.  I miss him every day.  Lesson...always pick the cat or dog that responds to you.
I hope you got a dog as well
I love how cats decide they're being adopted and you really don't have a say in it.
How could you NOT leave with him - save me human!!!!!  What a cutie!!!!
Let meowt now!
I feel so bad for a kitten to spend WEEKS possibly MONTHS alone and in a tiny cage
I'm a dog person and that seems like a very dog-like cat?
It's always best to pick the pet that picks you. 

Cats are incredibly affectionate if you remember one trick.  Never scold them.  Simply push them away from an activity you don't want them doing. 

They never forget scoldingand will remain afraid. But nudging they don't care about. 

If you never scold and you scratch them under their collar everytime you see them you will have a cat that follows you with as much affection as any dog.
Get both 🐶🐱
What’s. His. Name!
Sometimes they pic you! ❤ 💙 💜
TBH, you kind of had to didn't ya?
He reminds me of that one kid during an event where the performer is picking someone from the crowd, and you always have that one kid jumping up and down saying pick me pick me
The kitten: hey jackass I love you take me home with you
Good choice, thanks you got a good one!
That's a weird dog.
What is the name of the cat?
I LOVE HIM🥺 My boy is v confused and concerned hahaha.
MEOW
**MEOW**
*meow*

***M E O W***
Meow
Meow

Mreoow
**MROW**

*Meeeooww*

dang mobile reddit formatting
He was trained to do that, and you fell for that cuteness.
Any regrets?
This really brought a tear to my eye. I hate the fact that you really can’t rescue or adopt all of the poor little ones in animal shelters. Hopefully when I get my own place I can be a foster to them.
chicken foot is a good name for that bundle of bastardtry
If he's anything like our cat, he'll end up having cat hardware but dog software.
I love this baby kitten!
Good on you.
This is why I will always prefer adopting a pet! How could you turn away such begging?
I would've taken him if you didnt
Awwww little gremlin!  We rescued our two kitties in March.  They have helped me in ways i never thought possible.
More videos please💕
Awwww. Pick me pick me.
Pet the damn meowing dog!
I hope you know this one is going to insist to be indoor / outdoor ... he is a feisty one with a marvelous voice and persistence.  you made the right choice :)
Look at his little monster feet
Look at those back paws, little dude needs a healthy home.
They call him old chicken legs
That’s so beautiful. Sounds like he’s saying “help!”
That is a cats now coming out of that kitten! I'm scared to think how loud he'll be grown up!
An exotic!
Thank you ❤️
You came looking for gold, and you found gold
Please pay your cat tax – a pic of the little guy in its new home.
You are such an awesome person.  I went and hugged my cat i adopted when i saw this.
Oh sweetheart. Such a lucky kitty.
He's just begging for someone to help him
Such a sweet face!
That’s cat is going to be a handful and a half
Well done!
This is why I can't go to a shelter
In my experience boy cats tend up more like dogs anyways. :)
I’m here to take your cat
For the love of god can you post something of him out of the cage
He doesn’t care about getting wet he just wants to get out be free be with someone.
Its enough to make a man cry. And thats okay
yuk
I think getting an animal from a shelter is up there with helping an old lady cross the street. 

Way to go.
Look at his little Ponyo feet. Or like the little dog from howls moving castle. Cute but in this case probably caused by something not cute.
It happens. My parents had the opposite. They went to a pet store looking for a cat. Just inside was a cage with a puppy in it. My dad picked up the puppy, pet her, and then put her back down to go look at the cats, since that was the plan. He looks back and sees my mom has picked up the puppy and hasn't put her down. They left with the puppy, who proceeded to bond with my dad.
The problem with the kitten with that much energy already means it's going to be a horrible kitten to live with in real life. But if you can fight through that it'll probably be the best friend of your life.
This is the main reason why I'll never buy some full bred bull shit. I care too much about the poor animals desperate for someone to give them a chance. God I wish I could adopt them all. Adopters hold a special place in my heart.

Edit: and I sincerely hope you actually adopted this cat rather than stand there and record them for internet points.
Im sorry to be the one to tell you this, but you got the cutest little puppy ever.
I once heard someone say, “you don’t choose cats, they choose you”.
I keep seeing these posts and it makes me think of my kitty. I was outside one night having a beer with my mother when all of a sudden we hear loud moans from a tree by the creek. We went out there and my little kitty was half way up the tree scared of something. A month and a half later and he’s still my paw kitty
That's the most meow sounding meow I've ever heard.
Gatitos FTW!
I remember going to the shelter with my girlfriend to get our first kitten. Out of 10 kittens crawling all over us, we chose the 2 year old cat in the corner. 

Best decision ever. She was soo social, if we were playing card games, she was in the middle of the table chilling. Board games? she was in the box watching and waiting on pets. If someone was my friend, they were her friend. If I spent hours on my pc playing games, she was on my lap the whole time. She gave lap dogs serious competition lol. 

I miss her
That’s exactly what happened to me. Was looking for dogs and some damn cat adopted me instead. I pretend his meow is a bark and we’ve made it work so far!
u/vredditshare

edit: link from banned bot https://gfycat.com/NegligibleBestBellsnake
Naw buddy, give us the after photos n videos. Can't just leave us hanging
I couldn't go to a shelter.  I'd want to adopt them all..
What a cutie!
This is how I got my two cats, be careful though, usually that means they want food. After a few times I realized that she was only crying at me because she wanted food because she used the same cries at home as she did at the shelter lol
So cute! They are literally screaming “pick me!! Me!!” and that’s just super cute
Cats are lawless manipulative greedy bastards that stop at no end until they get what they want.

Source: I am a loving cat mom to a very clingy boy
He wants a hug so bad.
He's actually saying "hey you there, let me out of this cage and help me slay my captors, there are great rewards for you if we succeed"
Sometimes they choose you 🥺
Something about him reminds me of Dennis the Menace haha. That’s a mischievous cat, and he’s even more adorable for it.
i love the cats with this colorful of a personality
I love both of my pets - a dog and a cat, but my cat is my soulmate. I believe you made the right decision. Cats are awesome if you treat them with love and kindness daily. The highlight of my day is coming home to my cat greeting me and begging for pats.
Knowing that there’s so many others like this that never find a home absolutely breaks my heart.

Good on you for giving this little one a new start.
Good choice
“Adopt me fucker.”
Yeah, who could resist that cuteness and that mowling! I’d have taken him home in a second too. Such a sweet boy.
I can imagine! He’s hard to resist!! 
Good luck and thank you for adopting a fur baby!
This makes me want to go adopt ALL the untouchable kitties. I already have four. My heart.
Bro you better show an update
I’m saving this video in case I ever need to lure a mama for TNR. He’s super cute! Thank you for pulling him.
Gonna need updates. This one is a character and could be trouble!
I hate to be the one to tell you this, but that's not a dog.
The wand chooses the wizard, Harry
Congratulations! He’s adorable.
That's why I will never go to a shelter until I'm ready to adopt.
That’s one weird looking dog.
That is the cutest thing I’ve seen ! Destiny!!
there’s absolutely no way you can say no to that. congrats :D
BEGGING FOR LOVE AND FREEDOM
WE WANT MOREEE
Good on you.
Some of these threads here are so heart warming! Caring, empathic, sympathetic, and all around good people trying to help make the world a little better for our furry and feathered companions. 

This is where I like to think  I found my people. And I LOVE YOU ALL!
This is why I never visit shelters. It’s too dangerous for me since I travel around so much 😢
Because he’s got moxie!
You saint.
You will never need to walk him in a snow storm.
He chose you!
r/catswhoyell would like this i think
Awww 😍
Awe, I love it when the animals choose their humans ❤
He just wants to come out

My heart can only take so much 😭😭😭♥️♥️♥️
That cat is one cute pain in ass in the future.
Get another one, they are seriously better as a pair. 

Kittens have this energy that needs to be evened out with another kitten's energy. 

-foster dad of 22 kittens so far.
ThT is one deep meow for a kitten that small
Oh my gosh HOW COULD YOU NOT?! 😫❤️I used to work at a shelter and I die everytime they smoosh their tiny face against the cage - congrats on your new addition!
Oh no, the heartstrings again...
Yes, thank you for adopting.  You didn't just get a boisterous little kitten, you saved a life.
The kitty was meant to be for you, you were picked. What did you name kitty?
He got a set of lungs. Love cats that tell you whats up
*insistent meowing*
Cat is like "Chosen undead, you must be the one to light the fires!"
It doesn’t matter how many times I see it, seeing a shelter animal get a home will always make me tear up and cry happy tears
Himbs needed a home real bad. Good job, op. And being a kitten, it's the perfect time to get a dog so they can grow up together! 🥰
Me: "What do you want? You just meow... and you're fluffy... and tiny... and mine now."
One of the only good things about covid is all the animals who got adopted
Yeah, he just adopted you, congratulations my friend!!
I heard from legends that Cats choose you instead.
You didn’t adopt him. He adopted you ! ❤️
Yo got scammed
Follow-up?
You have been chosen.  Congratulations on your new family member :)
Creepy ass rat feet though
Gonna need follow up photos.
What a salesman
I wish I wasn't allergic to cats
I found my cat in a similar way, I visited the nearby Dumb Friends League trying to find a dog and was unable to find one that would safely live with the one  I currently had, so I looked at the cats they had there. Once again I had no luck. So for some reason I asked one of the employees if they had a back room for the animals, she said yes and showed me the back area. There where tons of cats back there but one stood out in particular to me, in the far back corner was a cat with the loudest most unique sounding meow I've ever heard in my life. She was immediately so friendly when I went over to her and I didn't even hesitate. She is now 16 years old and living happy. Best decision I've made yet.
Cats are better than dogs anyway
Yep, this is how I ended up with my cat. I have had her for 12 years now.
How could you not? You were chosen.
Cats  are such wonderfully adorable troublemakers.  

You’ll never regret it.  You’ll also regret it every day for the rest of his life.
He’s saying “let me outttt let me outtt”
It’s been 4 hours, we need an update OP!!!!
How’s that little one settling in?
Well he did insist
Good dog, good dog.
When I was looking for a cat, it came down to two gingers. A male one and a female one.

The female one meowed at me when I was looking between the two of them in their cages. Needless to say, I picked the one who called out for me. No regrets. The perfect choice. :P
scrawny chicken feet lollll
That vicious beast is mischief incarnate. Sleep with one eye open, OP. That is, if this creature will let you sleep.
Please post an update
It’s enough to make a grown man cry :,(
Cattica!
r/petthedamncat
call him dog
Watching this made me run to my cat and hug him
Its aww that you got him, but this vid is just sad.
Take me. Feed me. LOVE ME!!!!!
Well done, if you had not taken him I'd now be sitting here pondering if I can house another cat.
poor guy, only heartless ppl can pass by without any notice 😣
God bless you for rescuing that baby. Seriously. I mean that in every way. Nothing in this world matters more to me than animals especially cats I'm sitting with many rescued babies around me as I type this. I've spent my life and will continue to do so until I'm no longer breathing taking care of animals in need
I now want to fight you for him lol.
Op, we're going to need follow-up pictures and/or videos.
Warning... that meowing will never stop. That's how we adopted my first kitten when I was 5, we first heard him, then we saw him, then we adopted him. His nickname was Loud Kitty.

We also loved him so much and he was such a good cat! Just don't be surprised if the little guy wakes you up in the middle of the night. But if he's anything like my cat, he'll make up for it in snuggles.
I bet r/kittenswhoyell would appreciate this video. This little dude definitely has a healthy set of lungs 😂
Oh sweetie melts the heart
My puppy woke up from a dead sleep with A Concern™ when he heard the mewing. He tried to lick my phone.
Go back, get a dog aswell. Save another one. Be a good human.
Yeah, we're gonna need more.
Omg that’s just like my Peepers. She meowed and meowed. Then I took her out and she fell asleep on my lap. We’ve watched countless baseball games, football games, and hockey games now.
This is the only time I’m going to use emojis ❤️❤️❤️💔✨
I can just hear him saying “take me, please take me”.
Same thing happened to me. As soon as I got the lil guy home, he ignored me for 18 years. Dunno the love for cats.
We need an update!!! We need to see him happy at home
Communist cats, all talking about mao
Sometimes they pick you.  Idk.
He's gonna be so noisy and demanding when he grows up.  Lol
_why didn't you get both_
That’s why I would never go there, as I would leave with 5 new pets
r/petthedamncat
Well that's a weird dog 😂. 
Such a cutie ☺️.
r/catswhoyell
You got a buddy for life
You might wanna take down your curtains in advance :’)
Take him home and love him very much. That's an order!
My friends cat was ran over recently, just barely survived and the vet fixed her up without saying how pricy it was and they spent like nearly 2000$ on her
Some chicken legs on him for sure.
Any post adoption videos??
Show is more videos!!
That's a weird lookin' dog, mate.
I dont know much about dogs. What kind of dog is that?
I LOVE him!
Translation
"What you waiting for to take me home with you.  Don't tell me this cuteness doesn't melt your heart now!"
Such a cute little boy 😍
Awwwww
 I'm in love 😍 Please post lots of videos of him
Aside from the barking I think you did well.
It’s so heartbreaking seeing any beautiful creature in a cage
My cat did the same exact thing when I went to the spca to adopt another cat. I wasn't too sure and decided to check every room one more time and then I was chosen.  

It will be 5 years since that day in November and he is still as cuddly and loving as the first day I got him.
"Out!  Out!  Out!"
I played this and my cats both came running over from the other room looking very concerned trying to find this little guy. He really needed to get out of there. Hope he goes to a great home.
Out and help is what I hear.
I like dogs and cats
Please please please give us more updates on this cutie 🥰🥰🥰
The right choice was made
Cats have a harder time being adopted out than dogs due to the stereotypes against cats. Lucky cat!
He was begging you to take him home. Thank goodness you obliged.
I aspire to, one day, become as assertive as this kitten.
You were chosen. Big time.
OH MY GOD YES BABEY I WILL LOVE YOUUUUU
Its the best when they choose you.  Mine climbed up me with his kitten claws and nestled into my neck and tried to take a nap.
If I found a cat that looked like that and did that, I would call him gremlin. I would love the fuck out of him, but my allergies would hate him with a passion.
That is a seriously un-squeaky shout for such a tiny boi! I too would have left with him.
Ya.... welcome, new cat slave... take many photos. You, too will understand.
Jesus, the mouth on that guy!  They sure pick up some profanity at the shelter, don’t they?!
Sometimes the pet picks you
Cats are superior to dogs.
Cat: *Meow*

Translation: *Resistance is futile.*
Help....help.....help... he needed you 😇
The cat chose you
Yup you’ve been chosen
Hope you enjoy that sound at two in the morning every day.
This summoned my cat
Thats a good fucking kitty right there
purrfect choice
Well he picked you. I feel all my pets just kinda appear. He's a vocal kitty! Hey! Hey you! Human! You're mine now take me home.
Great choice madam! You must indeed be a connoisseur
It's lucky you did otherwise I would be.
Melting my heart. He's such a cutie. Congrats on adopting him!
Just never, never, never tell him you're a dog person. :-)
That definitely made me to stop and watch the whole video. He has a place to call his own now.
Shouty lion!
I played this video with volume on and my cat ran to the window to see who was crying like this. I can’t. 😭
Omg, this baby is so desperate! Good on you for taking this baby in!
Give him some good cuddles!
He's like "please... i hate it in here"
It wanted you
The pet chose you harry
This is exactly how I ended up with my cat, not a cat person but I have cohabitated with one for 7 years
I mean how could you not 😍
Once the Cat meows at you, you are required to take it as you are chosen by him
OK this is why I cannot go to a pet shelter, ever. My home already has the maximum number of cats I can have (2), but that just broke my heart. I would have had to have taken him home with me. TY op for taking him with you :)
Bless you. Hearing the cry moved my heart. I am so glad you got him or her. I have 5 but only one spoke to me it's why I got her. If I walk by the dogs they will look at me an howl. It breaks my heart. I am not supposed to have any pets. The four cats aren't pets they are roommates. Bless you always. What did you name him/her?
Much better choice!
I don't think I could ever go to an animal shelter

I would end up trying to adopt every animal.
Just make sure when he becomes old and not as cute anymore you dont kick him out like so many pieces of shit do.
I don't think I could have left without that cat if I walked by this scene.
We be the opposite went for a kitten, adopted a pitiful looking dog
Good luck sleeping.
Come here and let me snuggle you
I'm super allergic to kitties but I just love them so much. ❤ you did the right thing.
Exactly how I got my first cat, Baby.
He's literally pleading with you to take him home <3
He know what he wanted. You are a treasure of a hooman for taking him home.
r/catswhoyell
Hooman I choose you!!!!!
He knew you were his human! So sweet!
Beautiful little guy, how could you not leave with him?! 
Bless you & him!
You can still get a dog!
Animals are intuitive...kit was trying desperately to catch your notice. And he did.   
Best wishes to you both.
Looks like you both made the right choice. :) Good pick!
Give us an update OP!
Oh man, he looks like he's gonna be trouble 😁

If you want your furniture to stay in tact, I recommend getting some high quality scratching posts and setting some ground rules early on.
"Please get me i don't wanna be here anymore"!!!
You made a good choice. He’s adorable! 💕
Such loud screams -- "get me outta here PLEASE! "

Standing in the water bowl to get higher.....poor sweet baby...
When I got Orion, my min pin puppy, 3 years ago, he was like this. Trying so hard to get to me. The lady at the shelter said he usually was sitting in the back of his cage, not coming to people, not even  the workers. He was 6 months old and it was love at first lick. Now he will be 4 in November,  and is very happy in his cage free home.
My big lump of a lynx point tabby cross was like this. What got me was when the volunteer offered to let me hold him. He instantly curled up in my hands against my body, and was purring hard enough to vibrate. I couldn't pick him up for two days until they had neutered him, and when I visited him again the next day, he had lost his voice from crying.
I had a similar experience years ago when I walked past a kitten who reached out and didn't want me to pass him!  I adopted him immediately and he was the most loving, amazing cat I've ever owned!  He would drape himself around my shoulders when I was working on art work and put his paws around my neck and sleep that way with me when I went to bed! He was there for me when times were rough!   I have 3 wonderful cats now in my life but Spike will always be in my heart!
Pls, make an update video, so I can feel better, this makes me so sad :(
I had a client who purchased a guinea pig from a breeder. I love guinea pigs because they can have such personalities. But this girl, had no spunk, no personality and was terrified of her protected open space cage. We find out later, she was a "breeder". I doubt the girl had ever been out of her cage let alone shown affection.
He looks like he’s gonna give you a life of love! Glad the little guys now has a home 😻
Oh...that desperate cry makes me heart hurt. There is no way I could have left him there. Good call op.
So glad you did <3
Aw, I definitely wouldn’t have been able to leave without this kitty. Looks like it has a wonderful character!
You will never be sorry for adopting this little guy.  People who think cats are aloof and don't crave attention haven't been around many cats. 
This baby will follow you from room to room.  Occasionally annoy you for attention, but love you forever.
This is awesome. I always tell people who say "but I could never go to a shelter I would break down!" To go anyways. Cause even if there are 100 there and you can only pick one, saving one is better than none.
Jelly beans award?? Dam
Desperation, complaining, begging - AND utter determination!!! That kitten is not a quitter!  Would have taken it myself on the spot - without any further "introduction"! <3
Oh, he is precious! I am so glad you heard him calling to you to take him home.
This is exactly how my baby Clementine was when I adopted her. She never leaves my side to this day :-)
I need more cats
Translating from cat:

**S U R R E N D E R|||||Y O U R|||||L O V E**

... and you would.

without question.
I would've left with both
I think he was saying I can do everything a dog could do.

He is cute and what a voice.
Some cats are very dog like, take my Bombay for example.
"As well." Could be added to the end of the title and make many folks feel better.  
Myself, I worry that that kitty won't grow out of that big mouth! Yikes! I have a 20lb black, shiney, kitty that's vocal like that named Fabio. He's 8 and still demands attention this way...only now, it friggin echoes all the way to the basement from upstairs!
You make great decisions
You do realize we will need update videos. Frequent update videos.
You made the right choice.
He certainly was vocal about wanting you to adopt him!  Has he remained this vocal?
I've done that. Bout 10 yrs ago I went to adopt a dog and left with my gray manx cat Fancy Girl. Man i loved that cat
I came for copper, instead I found gold.
Do me a favor... Let him know I love him. 🥺
Purrfect ten.
As a crazy cat lady I can assure you that you won’t retreat your decision
Hes sooo adorable, feisty little guy.
He knew exactly what to say to you in order to take him, and he gotcha
Aww I always feel so bad for the ones by themselves! His little wet feet from the water bowl! So glad you took him home.
I don't blame you! What a cutie.
I’ve seen a few kittens like this when I’ve gone to adopt recently. Do they tend to make good pets or are they crazy?
that cat is gonna tear all your shit up....

RIP your furniture, walls, and sleep.
He’s got spunk!
Rookie mistake
How could you not leave with him. Congrats!
You have chosen wisely.
Awwww, so cute!
How does it feel to be adopted by the cutest ball of beautiful fluff I have ever seen?💞🐾
When he said meow, I felt that.
....yeah I would have left with him too
Need a follow-up with him/her not in a cage.
Oh my heart, he is begging you to take him.
Sounds like he’s about to shout redrum
If I saw that, even if he screams at anyone who walks past, I would think stars aligned and he has chosen me.
He’s so cute! He really wanted out! Lol
yes.... going to need updates please.   Start with a name for this Chatty McCatterson
Beautiful and adorable kitten ❤️
I want to hug and cuddle him!
I would pick him, too! Reminds me of my little Squeaky :(
Gaaah chatty cats are the best!
Keep him!
Cute little fellow ❤️
Poor baby
Wow, that's such a big voice for a little kitten.
I love him
r/catswhoyell
We’re going to need updates at least once monthly.
r/PetTheDamnCat
Always let your pet choose you. I got some total weirdos, but I’d go broke for them!
Please do not tell me you bailed out prisoner number 10. He is a known criminal
My cat just jerked from his deep slumber when I played this video LOL
My heart just exploded.

That was just like my cat when I got her... reaching out to me, trying to climb to me, wanting to be with me before I even met her.

12 years later, she's laying two feet away from me, purring while she sleeps.
Good choice ❤️
Such a beautiful cat. Love his energy!
Lil dude definitely adopted you
I wish I wasn’t allergic to cats ):
Stuff like this makes me love my cats even more. Both my cats are rescues. I hate seeing this shit. I just wanna help every cat I can.
I need to stop watching these at home without headphones. My cat was CONFUSED
“Meout! Meout! Meout!”
I think ugly meow also it’s kinda cuteObviously getting the dog to
His little toes 🥺🥺🥺
So sweet! This past month I was wishing and praying for a kitty, looked at some nearby shelters and planned to adopt one. But last week a little black and white male kitty about 8 weeks old, I’m guessing, showed up on my ranch. Never seen him before, we have neighbors but none owned him. My husband told me to come outside and look, immediately fell in love with him. He’s about the age I was hoping for and the color haha. And he is extremely passive, cuddly and affectionate. It was like he was sent to me! 💜
Would have done the same absolutely irresistible
No no, that’s a dog
People choose dogs. Cats choose people
Any of you saying or thinking you hate cats, you've just never had one cooked right!!! Lol. Jokes aside thanks for saving the little one.
He reminds me of my old cat Jackers! (Captain Jack Sparrow) my heart!!💖
You are such a great person
Hello Tiger
Cat people for life
Good choice!! He will love you so much!
Seems reasonable.
That little guy earned his freedom. He really sold it! Good choice!
[deleted]
They say cats pick their owners. I’d say he picked you.
Wise choice.
Yeah I couldn't have walked away from that either
Irresistible 💕
Congratulations on becoming a servant!!! Best job in the world
That's the cutest barks I've ever heard.
Jesus...
I think we know how you’re getting woken up at 6am, from now on.
Cutie, though.
I'm not going to lie to you, it's going to be rough for the first year or so.  Kittens are rambunctious!   He'll bite, scratch and generally go nuts getting into all the things.  Eventually he'll calm down.  Try to start working him into a lap cat right from the get go.  Force him to sit still and take his cuddles and then eventually he'll get used to it.
My dogs are going crazy listening to the audio!
Big voice for such a little guy
What a spunky little dude! Enjoy your new companionship :)
Aweee!! Following you because I need updates!! Please, update. Thank you for adopting <3
Aww 🥰... Give us an update on your new kitty once it’s settled.
The rebirth of Lucifer.
Kitten: fuck the dog, man you can have me
I've always heard of cats choosing their owners, just never gotten to see it. Congrats, he's cute
He could escape if he wants too
Get him outta there!!
This shit makes me so fucking sad all the time. Just seeing animals so desperate in cages like that. Really bums me out in a major way. I want them all! :'( I'm glad this one found a home, I hope its a good one.
Good choice
I dub thee Kitty Meow Meow.
Such a loud baby!
Thank you for saving that sweet baby 💗
I started watching this and one of my kittens comes barreling around the corner and start looking all around my speakers trying to figure out where it was coming from, lol.
So fiesty!
He is so cute , such a cute little kitten ,very good pick you made the right choice , in joy the cute little kitten , 😍meow yeah all meow,
yeah - I've adopted 2 different cats (at different times in my life) that both were yelling to please be adopted. worked both times!
This video made my cat very concerned.
Congratulations, you were adopted!!

Seriously, what a cutie! Enjoy your new family member!
Well fuck me I want him now.
I love that he actually sounds like a kid saying "meow". So cute!
Barks like a dog, anyway.
Is something wrong with his little back feet?
100% wouldve left with that cutie pie too!
I adopted a cat that demanded attention at the shelter like this. We ended up nick naming him Evil, but he was one of my favorite cats I’ve ever had.
Omg he's adorable! Congrats!

Almost did that the other day just replace came for a dog with came for a dog grooming appointment but almost left with [this sweetie](http://imgur.com/gallery/HNDZFJa)

Swear I would've if but she needed a home with no pups due to the fact one took her eye :'(
I would leave with him also
Awww!!  He needs pets and cuddles!  Rotten cage.
Awaw
That’s so Cute!
Reminds me of my cat ziggy
... This just solidifies more that once I get settled in with my new job I need to find a cat.
Its always a win when adopting , as far as our family is concerned. Last adopted was a ' little old lady' Doggo from southern state and turns out shes a dog that identifies as a cat, due to her circumstances before rescue.  She actually purrs and paw grooms...has the same eye contact , etc. They take time, patience and understanding for sure. I hope your rescue journey is as fulfilling as ours:) thank you for rescuing!
Thank you for adopting.
You were chosen! ❤️
r/catswhoyell
Update?
Good choice
He’s got Siamese in him.
Dis shit never happen at da club.
Congrats to you both!
Spider man
Dogish is close enough. Glad you got him!
I would love to see more, he seems like he has a great personality.
i will watch your career with great intrest
That’s how I met my cat too, couldn’t resist. Best decision I’ve ever made :)
So glad he was rescued by you! His little feet’s all spread out. Poor thing just needed love.
You have been chosen. Enjoy the next 15-20 years.
Wow what a good little cute meower 😍
good choice. Very güd. 15/10
Oh sweet baby 🥺💗 
my heart is so happy he found a home
why don't they put the animals in a space where they can move freely rather than putting them in cages?
Thanks you for giving the crying kitten a home!
AWWWW That is the cutest thing I have ever seen!!!
Breaking my heart
❤️
Omg
His paws look weird not the front ones, the other ones
Awwwwwww this melts my heart
Can we see post-adoption pictures pleeeease?
Awww. He will be such a good addition to your family. "You don't need everyone to love you, just a few good people."
This is exactly what my little one was doing when I went to the shelter. He was climbing up the cage and calling for me
I hope you named her Diez
Hang in there!
Great choice! He’s adorable!
Name it chicken feet
Sounds like a little kid yelling MEOW.
The Purrrfect choice. Congrats!!!
Aww, you're in trouble.
He is the cutest bipedal cat I have seen in my life good for you
That's also how I got my cat
Aww you broke him outta jail.
'GET ME THE F*** OUT OF THIS CAGE!'
This reminds me of my boy! I walked in intending to adopt another cat but I walked by my boy and he yelled at me AND reached out to me. So for fun I decided to meet with him just to get him out of his cage (he was also all alone). We bonded and I took him home. It’s been almost 1 year together and idk what I’d do without him.
You should name him "Ten."
Nice :D
I kind of hate how he's going air air air like they're about to put them to sleep and throw them in a furnace
Please update
I think you made a great decision!
At least u left with somebody thank you
I cried watching this... and then cried remembering it. Thank you for helping him.
I’d adopt him or her in a heartbeat. ❤️
I hate cats....( sigh) please update us on this little guy
Should have said both...
What a cutie!!
My cat FREAKED. 

And you made a good choice my friend.
That's a weird looking dog
OP please, I am yowling and crying like this kitten for you to keep us posted with photos ❤️
The cat is so nice. Hope you have a good new companion.
I'm probably at 500th person to say "And that's how you get cats"
Amazing how it touches the number above its head in asking you to pick it.
You made the best choice, paws down. What a precious baby..thanks for helping one in need :)
Good choice cats are better
You made the right choice.
Please update us with pics of him at his home
That kitten has chosen you as it’s pet.
You’re better off. Really. I thought I was a ‘dog guy’ until I got my life occupied by a cat, and then I was a cat guy because fuck it.
Cuteness aside, I'm curious if anyone has an explanation for what the heck is actually going on when shelter pets do this. Is it because they're socialized already by the time they're put up for adoption and they know that people equals petting/snacks?
Spring me from here please!
That’s about as far as I would get
I don't blame you at all! Cats pick their owner so consider yourself the lucky one!!
Take me home you bastard
That's why I got my first cat. Went with a friend to pick out a cat for her and that left this little loud ginger kitten alone.  Now he is my loud ginger cat.  He likes the bathroom best so his cries for breakfast and second breakfast echo.

I had been planning on adopting a cat he just made me bite the bullet.
No, he left with you.
did they adopt it please say yes 😢
/r/PetTheDamnCat
If I ever enter a place like this, I'm sure I won't be leaving empty handed.
Awwww
r/illegallysmall
I absolutely adore this. That is exactly how we got our little otter-kitty Cindy. I went to pick out a kitten - to be a friend for our older lonely kitty - at the humane society without my husband. All he said, “no tuxedo or  black cats.” Our Spyka had recently passed and was a beautiful tuxedo - he just wasn’t ready yet. Well what do you know? My little otter baby did this exact same showing as soon as she saw me. My husband loves her and says that she chose us.  I agree.
God bless you.  How's she doing?  Love love love.
Remember everyone to spay and neuter your animals. Can’t let these lil bundles beg for homes 😞
If that little baby's name isn't Dawg, I'm going to be disappointed
This is correct.
Oh my god I am so happy you rescued this baby!!  How could you resist!!! She was like, ADOPT MEEEEE
