Haha I love this. I have a St. Bernard- he’s four months old and over 50 pounds already. He loves being held and I know that won’t change. Big dogs are the greatest!
Lap horse
What a lucky kid to have a dog like that.
I'd love to have a saint but I don't walk myself enough nevermind a dog. I couldn't neglect the good doggo like that.
He looks so majestic!
[deleted]
Great Danes are the best dogs. We lost ours at the beginning of this year. The biggest lap dog of my life- 200 lbs. A big baby through and through. They’re not here for very long and they leave a literal huge hole in your life when they go. Worth it though.
The bigger they are, the more of a lap dog they become.
What breed this be?
All I see is a kid sitting with his pony.  Where is the doggie?
You should name your dog Andersen, because Hans Christian Andersen was a great Dane...
Have a three year old Great Pyrenees, can confirm. She is a Big Baby.

[Dog tax!](https://imgur.com/a/f7VTJNY)
Lapdogs all of you
more like a lap *crusher* dog.
#&
I grew up with great Danes! They can be tough puppies (like any breed) but once they are a year or 2 old they are the biggest couch potatoes. Huge dogs, but very low maintenance! Of course they live shorter lives than most breeds :(
Side note: I'm in LOVE with that shelving unit!
I once saw a Great Dane poop out at a park. Jeeesus! I don't know how you put up with that.
[deleted]
Why is the kid staring off into the... middling bookshelf?
Geez... How big is he...
Some of my friends have a toddler and 3 great Danes. They accepted that they were never going to have any space on the couch or bed pretty early on.
Can't believe no one's referenced /r/biglapdogs yet!
Does this thing produce a Jurassic park level of turd?
Imagine how comfortable and safe you must feel as a little kid with a big dog like that on your team.
damn dude nobody gonna fuck with that kid
Such a proud lap dog:

I am lapdog,     
My mishon tru,     
I do the sits,     
Am peaceful too,     
I keep a peek,     
For danger sign,     
And wiv ma help,     
family fine.



(r/ilikthebred)
I have a Great Dane / Pit mix.  Best dog ever!!  He also thinks he's a lapdog.
Nice horse you have there, is it a Shetland?
Thats... tha.. horsey?
That moment when your dog evolves into a horse
I'm sorry but all I can think of when looking at that dog is the monster sized poops you'd have to clean up every day.
That is one gorgeous dog horse.
All I can see is lap horse
Can you imagine a whole pack of these dogs after you? Shit's scary
Ive only had one dog in my life and she was staffordshire terrier mix with pit and how hard is to take care of a great dane?
Are we sure that isn’t just a horse that lives indoors?
Sir or madam, that is a small horse
Why do you have a cow in your livingroom and does that little boy require assistance so he isn't squished by the adorable cow?
That's a horsey.....
My Great Dane Mastiff mix still tries to sit on my lap at 130 pounds. What’s funnier is that she was the runt of her litter, all of her siblings are around 160 now.
Why do people have these giant shiny ampersands..?
Friend of mine had a lap Mastiff. Even total strangers, if they sat down then the dog sat on them. As long as you didn't pet it then it would get up in a few minutes, unless it fell asleep in which case you might as well too.
I fucking love great Danes.
my dream dog. I know they don't live for too long but I've always wanted a Dane.
Ampersand, Laugh, Love
Clifford?
That's so weird that you let horses into your house.
Good Lord, where do you stable it?
When I got this notification I said "It's a great dane" wasn't disappointed
Nice horse you got there
why do you have a huge ampersand?
That's a beautiful pony
Twist: thats a full grown man under that horse
“Dis mah smol hooman. Nobody touch mah smol hooman”
Beautiful dog.
Majestic
Why would you let a horse in your house?
i hope those ears are natural and not cut to look like that >:(
Why is it that big dogs always think they’re smol bois and smol dogs always think they’re big bois?
No that is a dog! Beautiful Harelquin
a fine steed
Looking at this I'd say this dog has a pet child.
L A R J
Absolute unit
What a big baby ❤️❤️
Cuddlesssssss
Exactly where a dog should be
You have one majestic hound
Dog...horse?
what a big cutie
I had a newfoundland growing up and he did the same thing but with a lot more drool.
Looks more like you have a lap kid now. Lol.
That dog decides when the pets end
I thought Weed defeated you, Genba!
That dog is saving his snack for later
Fucking hell how small is that kid?!
That is quite the magnificent beast!
I wonder how many horse/saddle comments you get in person. I have stopped counting every time I've gone out with my Dane. Yours is beautiful :)
Like zoinks, Scoob.
Didn’t realise this was a child and nearly had a heart attack 🤣
Just out of curiosity, how much does it eat everyday?
You sure this is not a cow?
Cuddly lap cow!
Wow! Do you have any puppy pics of him? Would love to see them. He’s gorgeous.
the dog owns him
🥰😍🤗
He's that baby's guardian :)
Gentle giant. ❤️
Once a lap dog, now a lap horse
That horse looks like a cow!
His name is Valentinez Alkalinella Xifax Sicidabohertz Gombigobilla Blue Stradivari Talentrent Pierre Andri Charton-Haymoss Ivanovici Baldeus George Doitzel Kaiser III
That has to magical as a kid
And I thought my dog took up most of the sofa.
Imagine the smell
Sir, that is a horse!
What a gorgeous horse you have
As soon as that thing gets pissed it’s a wrap
I’ve had the refill holes deeper than graves as well as clean an entire hallway of diarrhea (walls and floors) after dog sitting a Great Dane for my brother whom was supposed to be dog sitting for his best friend while he was in rehab. The house smelt terrible for a few weeks and I gotta say I would never personally get this particular breed after that experience. Definitely playful and surprisingly gentle giants, tho.
You sir can in titles.
What's on the tele?
Ummm, that's a horse
Awww. This reminds me of my sister's gigantic suck. Not as big as this guy, but he's a gangly lab/boxer cross (allegedly, anyway).
Is the dog behind the horse?
Careful the horse doesn’t crush the child
Um that's a Lap Horse
That dog is an absolute unit
It's a gigantic lap oreo
If he were white he would look like naga
That. Is a big fucking dog.
u/happycamper_99
Wow! What a beauty! But they must use bin liners for poop bags
I'm sorry, but that is a horse.
Big pretty horse dog. Stop cropping ears though.
pretty sure that’s a horse but i’ll take your word for it lol
I love huge dogs, but absolutely can’t handle the short lifespans.
My sister has a harlequin Dane! He’s a big clumsy goofy sweetheart, and surprisingly old for a Dane
Stop. Cropping. Ears.
That’s not a lap dog that’s a house horse
Or a horse
And?
_*I shall hunt down anyone who dares to disrespect this child*_
Legend has it that kid is 135 cm tall
Beautiful dog
This is a MAJESTUOUS DANE  ! Wow beautiful !
I think "lap horse" is more appropriate in this case.
Look at my horse!
My horse is amazing!
sweet fuckin jesus how much food does that rig require on a daily basis?
10/10 Great Danes will agree they are Lapdog's
That’s a beautiful harlequin. 150’s?
👀
Honey! Where's the kid? Always hiding under the dog.
Gorgeous dog 😍
That’s not a dog. That sir, is a horse.
Which breed is that??
Good lap-horse.
Nice horse
Mans best friend no matter how big or small <3
I could ride to freedom on him
Scooooby doooby doooooooo!!!!
thats a giant dog woah
Wrong. This is a lap horse.
Your son has a mount.
Kid probably can’t feel his lap
You mean lap-horse
Holy crap that’s a huge dog.
Is that a dog or a horse?
That is one impressive dog! My Doberman would always try to lay on me. He’s nowhere near the size of your dog, but he’s still a solid 100-110lbs and bony lol
Lol!.lap dog it is. Adorable.
Danny?
OP is a karma farmer. This sub has been taken over by them
Kid has his own bouncer
What a unit! And a handsome one at that! I love his spots ☺
Love this. My 80 lb boxer prefers my lap over anywhere else. I’ll know why I can’t feel my legs when I’m older 😂
The laps have turned!
Sweet baby Jesus, what do you feed that thing?? Whole chickens??!!
so jonathan is even bigger than we thought?
Lap horse
That's a small lapdog 😜
Damn what breed is that??
What a strange looking cow
100% true lol
That’s a lap deer
They're both starring so intently at separate things
That ain't a dog homie that's a pony
Best friends
My 180 pound mastiff/great Danes agree.
You misspelled horse
Hey look...its a rare Scooby Moo...

I'll show myself out...
More like once a horse dog, always a horse dog.
Where is the dog? All I see is a cookie and cream colored horse.
Nice horse
Why isn’t there a NSFW tag here? The ‘nature is metal’ish dog is viciously crushing its tiny human!
Mate that’s a horse lap dog
That's not a lap dog, that's a small horse very cleverly disguised as a dog who thinks they are a lap dog.
Why is there a Dalmatian Horse in your living room??
You'd need some big ass doggy bag if you were taking that out. Georgous dog! ❤
Awwww
dog horse!
I believe you meant lap horse
I wonder how big that dog's penis is, and if I could take it
"who let marmaduke's cousin in"
That is a horse ma’m.
Nothing will make you feel more protected than having a Great Dane sit on you like this :) 

except maybe two
It’s a new meaning to Lap dog lol
He’s the cutest doggie🥺🥺🥺
What kind of horse is that?
More like a horse 😂
What a badass looking dog. I'd bet no one would mess with the kid
Once a repost, always a repost.
That's one big dog
I to wish to own a indoor lap horse
That’s a horse.
Cut ears :(
Someone should tell you. Honey, that's a horse, not a dog. 👀
He looks huge!
Hey that’s a tiger.
Looks so proud and majestic to be a cow
That is a REALLY big DANE!!!!
That is one big chonky doggo
Great Danes have no concept of size, they literally have no idea how big they are.
That dog is beautiful!
r/absoluteunits
Danes are the biggest sweethearts of the dog world it's so upsetting they don't stay healthy for long
Not gonna lie, I’m kinda jealous of this kid right now.
I went as far down the thread as I could to see if anyone spotted this as a doctored photo.  It seems a bit off to me.  The kid is staring intently at a shelf? His arm and neck have odd outlines.   No? I guess I’m just Reddit-weary at this point and anticipate  everything is fake or a repost.
Someone needs to tell the young prince that steeds aren't allowed in the house. As fine as they may be.
That's a good looking WOOFER there.
I never had a dog but this looks cute.
This is what my family calls a "laps dog," as in "Of course I am a laps dog, I can fill up several whole laps at one time."
The poops must be massive.
Looks normal to me. 🤷‍♀️
Awwwwww man
If I was that kid I would totally ride that dog around my neighborhood
My boss has a one year old Great Dane he brings to work every day. Great personality, and damn that dog has one hell of a bark now that he's found his voice.
A dog and his boy.
How did you manage to cross breed a bear with a horse?
I have a great dane mix and people always comment on how big he is. I just laugh and say he's small, because maxing out at 110 makes him small for a great dane.
Jesus Christ how do you have space for a dog that size
A picture of a dog and his boy.
That dog can be ridden into battle
That’s a pony you’ve got there.
Must be gigantic poops
What kind of horse is that? Its beautiful!
THE GOODEST BOY!
This kid is untouchable by all means
Oh man , this makes me miss my Great Danes so much. Best dogs to grow up with
Nothing like waking up to tingle legs and blood clots! My bully loves to endanger my life almost every night lol
You've confused the words "horse" and "dog". Easy mistake.
Danny and Jonathan joestar 1878 colorized
Wow that is one BIG motherfuccer
That's not a lap dog. That's a human cushion
You keep a horse in the basement?
It’s some kind of cow-horse-dog and I love it.

He looks like he would be much faster than most dogs his size.
holy crap! i have a newfoundland and i thought she was pretty big!
I can only imagine the destruction of when the doorbell rings
That's a horse.
Got a 2 year old miniture dachshund...when we got her as a puppy, she was lucky if she weighed a pound; now she is more than 15 pounds easy.
How big is this dog?
Love Danes. Hate seeing their ears cut.
What a beautiful horse
Pretty sure that’s a horse.
Buppy
I believe the proper term is “lap tank.”
Absolute unit!
Wow
u/The_Dowager this one plz
Does this thing come with a saddle?
Giant baby
That’s no dog that’s a horse
He looks like a big good boi
It’s too bad these big bastards only live 4 years before they fall apart.
B I G
Nice harlequin. That's a pricey pup there.
Lap horse*
So what’s the average life span for these? I had someone tell me it was around 5 years once, and then I read just now that it’s more like 8-10. I always wanted one of these but I don’t think I could handle losing it so fast.
One a lap horse always a lap horse.
I can’t see this too well, there’s a Great Dane on my lap too
This is a dog shaped horse
I'm not sure that dog knows the kids there.
I hate to state the obvious, but that is a rather large dog.
An absolute unit!
This is a dog? It’s massive
That kid has nothing to worry about with a best friend like that!
I like that wooden shelf v nice
Ahhh 😍 he is sooo cute
Your child is unsettlingly small...
As someone who's had a couple Danes, can 100% confirm they think they are the size of a lap dog chihuahua while actually being a bull in a china shop at all times.
Nah that thing’s not a dog
I always wanted an indoor horse
Sesame Street called, they want their & symbol back.
My Dog was a German Sheperd/Newfoundland hybrid , he weighted 80 Kg and was essentially a German Sheperd with long Dark fur but bigger than a Newfoundland , by a huge margin .   
He almost died from Tetanus when he was a puppy , survived it , and lived 11 Years , he never was the fastest runner or the most active dog , but he was the most loving dog we ever had , he loved to cuddle with any animal on the farm and us.   
His father had gigantism and died at 4 years old ( newfoundland ).
...now a tiny pony.
Get the kid a saddle
Saddle up and ride him to school.
Horse*
 There I fixed it for ya...
Heh, and I feel like I can't move with a 15 pound cat on me. That kid's not going anywhere until the dog decides he can leave.
Awww I love this big baby!!
Don’t you mean lap horse? I think you mean lap horse.
Reminds me of my girlfriends niece and her parents great dane. That damn beast doesn't leave that little girls side and it is extremely cute. The dog used to be guarded around me until the girl started to feel comfortable around me, now anytime I see him he tries to sit in my lap.
Alone in the world was a little lapdog. lapdog.
I’ve always dreamt of having a massive dog like that
Holy cow lol
That's a horse
cute!
What is the child looking at?
holy god mother of nuggets that's a big dog
Why do you have a large ampersand on your shelf?
what type of dog is that?
My lab retriever that’s 90lbs thinks the small like my Maltipoo and wants to be in my lap and picked up like the little one. 😊
First time I see a horse fit on a couch
Nice horse
Thats not a dog thats a horse
What kind of dog is this?
You couldn't find a bigger dog, didn't ya?
Imagine the pile of poop that that dog generate daily.

must weight as much as that kid.
Feature or bug?
That's a weird way to spell horse
Uhhh... why do you have a horse on your sofa?
For a second I thought that was a very small man, then I cleaned the fog from my glasses, that’s one big dog!
Lol he's gonna need a couple more laps
Are you sure this isn't a cover story for accidentally shrinking the kids?
Thats not a lap dog, thats a lap horse
Lap Cow
What dog? I see a horse
THATS A HORSE!!!
Ok, but why is there a horse on the couch?
Big dogs = best dogs
Thats a big good boy
Safest kid in town!
That's a funny looking horse.
 He could ride the dog like a horse
r/SelectASet
My Great Dane died a year ago. I miss her so. She was the best lap dog and gave the best cuddles when I felt bad. : (
Good god, I had a 200 pound English Mastiff and I feel he’d be dwarfed by this dog. How tall and how much does it way?
What a beautiful beast, he looks so cuddly!
I wonder how big their shits are
giant dog, or tiny horse? you decide
The dog is a horse of course, of course.
That is a lap horse.
That is the most beautiful dog!!
My Great Dane does the same thing while I’m playing on my Xbox.
That’s a doggo that deserves all the awwwws
Wow he is huge!My aunt had a black one back in the day and I remember him towering over me!
That's a polka dotted lill sebastian
I think you let your horse inside the house, yes that is a horse, sir/ma’am.
Is the kid small or is the dog huge ?
I dog sit a 150 pound Dane and she is the biggest cuddle monster ever, she also likes to wake you up by laying toys on you until you wake up
Puppy needs a bigger lap
It’s specifically a Harlequin Great Dane
What are they arguing about? Both look stubborn to me. I wonder who apologized first?
You need a caterpillar when he takes a dump.
That's how my doberman is. Still a puppy but a puppy that weighs 100lbs. Always trying to crawl in your lap in the smallest of places like a lawn chair.
Holy fuck I’ve never seen a dog that big before
Nice horse
do great danes shed a lot? or just kinda in between?
Imagine breaking into that house just to see that massive dog staring you down and growling. I would immediately run lol. But he looks like such a good boy/girl!
His majesty the doggo
I bet he would protect that little boy with his life
That dog is bigger than me what in the world
H O U S E   C O W
What dog I see a cow but no dog
Omg I want him!!!
Dog warming up his lunch
No,... That's a lap Horse
What a magnificent creature!!
Oh yes. I have one of those. Is this a great dane? Beautiful dog
One of our friends had one of these and they lived a block away so we would see them walking her pretty often. The first time I met the dog I wasn’t paying attention and she squatted and peed on my foot and it felt like someone was spraying my foot with a water hose. Otherwise a very sweet dog.
What a beauty!
Imagine breaking into this house and this bog boi greets you.
Cookies and creme scooby
Jesus Christ he’s so big and cute I love it
If i saw that dog on the street id shit my pants first then build dinner
r/AbsoluteUnits
r/AccidentalBoneCrusher (?)
That’s not a dog that’s a horse
The kid can ride it in battle.
Once a lap horse always a lap horse
Great Dane Dalmatian?
I have a great dane and I can't wait for her to get this big
Any dog is a lap dog if you let 'im
Horse posing as dog
lOok hOw BiG mY dOg iS
Not
Sir that'a a horse
Smol boi
It’s so big ... I love it
That is clearly a horse
Great Dane?
JESUS CHRIST LOOK AT THE SIZE OF THAT FUCKING MASSIVE DOG I BET HIS BALLS ARE MASSIVE
bro y u lettin your horse inside d house?
T-thats a cow
Yep. My Dane sleeps on me. I can get her to go to her bed at bedtime, but without fail she jumps up after I fall asleep. One time I woke up and we were spooning.
Is it a shadow or does that kid have leopard spots on the back of his hair?! My son does too!! I've never seen anyone else with them!!
I thought my hundred pound rottweiler lab mix was bad lol.
Do you live in Dallas? I saw a horse that looked just like this at the dog park the other day. Rear legs were over 4ft tall for sure.
This thing is a fucking horse
That is the goodest boy, sitting on the lap of the best guarded boy.
What a beautiful dog. He looks so darn majestic.
Uh sir, that's a horse...
I’d hate to see the lap he/she actually fit into. 😳
Excuse me that is a horse
What kind of dog is this?
My big puppy dog was like this. We didn't let her up on the couch very often, but she always found a way to get in our laps. Her favourite way of doing this was to lean her butt up against you at a perpendicular angle, then slowly lean in harder and harder until she had to lift a leg up to sit in your lap, then another, then her front end.

Bella was a sneaky girl. Bernese/Great Pyrenees, 130 or so pounds when we had to let her go to osteosarcoma a few weeks back at 8 years old.

Hug your dogs folks, big or small. They make such an impact on us in their short time with us. Love them as much as they love you.
I don't make rules!
I think you'll find that's a horse.
That's clearly a horse.
Great danes are just the sweetest smushes. I've never met one that wasn't.
Anyone else see the ampersand(&) and just go “AND?” Lol
I don’t think he was a lap dog for long.
“I can’t feel me legs!”
Once a dog always a good boy
There is no lap, only dog.
Isn’t that a horse?
Lap pony!
Majestic as fk
I didn't understand the blanket on couch thing until I got a dog. The only way to keep our couches clean lol
Damn that dogs so big you could ride it
It’s a shame these dogs only live a few years.
Appears like you let the horse inside the house lmao
What would it cost to feed a dog this size?
That was probably a lap for for 9 minutes
i want a dog
That’s not a dog, that’s a horse
You misspelled lap horse.
I've got a 150lb cuddle monster of a cane corso, he's my big baby
Holy mackerel! Loving the 'boy and his dog' aspect. I admit my jaw dropped at first glance. Took repeat looks as well❣
Why is there a horse on your couch?
Shame about the ears, but s/he's beautiful
Dog goals.... I bet that guy loves snuggling
Perfect. I refuse to own a dog that I have to bend down to pat.
What an absolute unit
Bet he still sees himself as a Pup. He is very handsome
I'm more curious about the random "&" symbol decoration.  ??
Mf looks like superman for dogs
Ha ha there’s not gonna be any lap left once the pup has squished it all!  So cute though :)
Big dogs make the best lap dogs.
We don't deserve Great Danes
That kid could put a saddle on that dog and ride him.
That is a pony in a dog suit, I not gna fool for the sneaky tiny horses tricks.
That's not a dog. That's a horse.
That's adorable
I'm pretty sure that's a horse
I have a great dane and I have never related more, my big dog is 5 years old but demands he sits on my lap whenever we watch TV
Whoa
SUCH A BIG DOGGY
That's a horse in a dog costume
Where is the lap lol
This would make such an amazing anime
on today’s episode of is that a big dog or a small horse we have, this fuckin thing
Are you absolutely, 100% sure that that is not a horse?
I wonder if u can put a saddle on it and have a little kid ride it
You can take lap out of a lapdog but u can’t take a dog out of a lap
Dog?
Horse?
Cow?

We’ll never know
you must be confused... that's a cow!
**big boi**
Holy moly he/she is huuuge
Plot twist, everything but the dog is tiny
Imagine this brute stepping on your balls
A meat eating horse!
Jesus!
Big pupper! is that a dog or a Shetland pony?
What type of dog this is?
Holy shit. You guys don’t happen to live near Chernobyl do you?
*clears throat 
That’s a horse
What breed is the dog in the photo please?
That is a horse
All I can say is WOW!
That’s a cow
That’s cute what kind of dog is that?
Why did you let a cow inside your house?
That dog is gigantic!
Uhhh that’s a horse.
just brilliant.....
It’ll take a week for this kid to get feeling back in his legs. Ouch!!
Excuse me that's a horse
BIG DOG + small child 😂
Small horse. 
I'm feeding a mastiff and a bagel. I can't imagine what that tank eats
That's what they say about Indian media
My brother had a 100 lb Dobie that thought the same thing. That kid could seriously ride that dog.
Slap a saddle on that horse and get that kid a cowboy hat!
Where's the saddle? Why is that horse allowed in the house?
He could ride to school on him - that would be pretty cool
"This is my son Billy, he used to have legs."
That's totally banannas lark
That dog could chomp that kid’s head like a human McNugget.
thank you man, remarkable [https://petcare4all.com/dogs/can-dogs-eat-pepperoni/](https://petcare4all.com/dogs/can-dogs-eat-pepperoni/)
Is that a great dane?
House cow!
More like a lap horse. It’s huge!
Thats a lap horse
That's a fucking horse!
Sir thats a horse
Whose horse is that?
& what??
That’s not a dog, that’s a mini horse.
That’s not a dog that’s a fucking horse
Where is schnoodle or whatever his name is when you need him
Is this photoshop? Holy crap that is one *big* dog.
[deleted]
PSA: If you see a Great Dane do not call it a horse to its owner. You are not original or funny in any way. They have heard that joke a thousand times. 

Please i may be fake laughing on the outside but on the inside I'm crying.
What is that weird kid looking at?
Its photoshop man
