That's your kitten now
Congratulations on getting a new cat. What's it's name?
Please tell us you kept it :)
Take the cutie home
Egypt?
I hope it isn’t a stray now.
You're adopted now
[deleted]
If you work in the medical field, thank you.

If you don't work in medicine and wear those for comfort, thanks for making them look attractive.
Imagine being late back from your lunch break and having to explain that
It's this little windows of light, and special moments in time that make life bearable. I know this brought you a bit of happiness, and me also. Thank you for sharing.
You are the chosen one
That would be the best thing in anyone's life let alone year
Wow, I would’ve kept it if one came up to me like that
Shit, if that happened to me it would go right from a stray kitten to a spoiled, entitled house cat in record time.
I bet you had to go back to work or something and had to wake it up didn't you? You monster. The obvious move is to quit your job so the kitten could sleep as much as it needed to. 

As punishment you should take it home with you and take care of it for ever and ever =)


Edit:  /s

'Tis joke.  I'm saying its a shame cute cat got woken up at some point cause it looks cute. I'm saying he should take cat home. Hence smiley face at the end
Please try to find the little one again. It's clearly looking for a human to adopt.
That’s how my orange kitty picked me.  It wasn’t a stray but he did the same thing when I went to my friends to pick a kitten.
[deleted]
I can't even imagine the pureness of heart it takes to just crawl up onto an unknown giant and fall asleep on them.
The kitty knew you needed some love right then. I hope he made your day better!
A kitten magnet, you are.
You know your the hooman when they come up to you. Hopefully he gets a home .
You were chosen, please tell me you took the baby home with you
No longer a stray I see?
I literally got a cat, and that’s more affection I get in a month. Always remember how lucky you are to be chosen
You have been chosen
You have now been adopted.
His name is Andy. Not sure how I know that.


But he's an Andy.
You were definitely chosen! How sweet!
Adopt
Given what you're wearing, I'm going to guess that you're a medical professional in some capacity. My god, if anyone deserves a ray of sunshine this year, it is people like you.

Enjoy your new friend :)
Orange cats are very affectionate and mostly males. My own orange stray cat adopted me, officially two weeks ago. His name is Raul, Ra The Sun God
You have been chosen
All yours now, or you are a cad.
[deleted]
Man, how come kittens don’t just walk up to me and try to take naps?
Did you take it hooooommmmeee?!?!?
Please continue to look for him! He’s beautiful
That better be your kitten now. We WILL EXPECT an update.

... can this be the new Reddit Safe meta?
Adopt it!!!
Congratulations on the new cat
You have to adopt he/she! So adorable and needs you and will bring joy. We’ve decided to foster a couple of kittens to bring some happy distraction to this miserable year.
Well did you take it home because you should have
If you didn’t adopt him you made a giant mistake
You are owned.  Welcome to the club brother .. #CatParenting101
Orange tabbys are the best!
You have Catvid now.
Hey google, how do you tell if someone is a good person?
Let’s call it a challenging year- miserable makes it sound like its defeating us. We can never be defeated as long as we keep fighting  and don’t give up. 

I almost gave up three months ago. But I got myself together and began fighting. Can’t stop fighting.
So, quick question, is your outfit blue and black, and is the cat white and gold?  Or is it the other way around.
Life on a street is stressful for strays. For some reason the kitten felt safe around you. I hope you're able to reunite with it and bring it home.

I wish I could make the neighborhood cat my indoor cat. She'll come over when I'm working on the garden and beg for a drink from the hose while I'm watering and then either lay down nearby with her paws in the air or take a nap.
I hope you wanted a cat because you belong to him now.
“Take me home and feed me hooman”
Wow imagine just being chosen like this... must be nice
That’s kitten is not a stray anymore. It’s your cat. You must take him home now.
How lovely!! You are the chosen. 😸
Perhaps a little angel when you needed it most. Very sweet.
Your kitten now
We don't deserve them😁
Aww, they are so cute
You and the cat are kindred spirits
that's a beautiful moment of love, OP.
please adopt her
Things are looking up!
Thar kitten has chosen you.
Did you bring him home?
Keep it. Now.
Please take him home!
I need this kinda luck in my life. I miss my kitty. Pretty pretty please.
Comfort when you need it most :)
HE HAD BETTER NO LONGER BE A STRAY!!!!!!
How does it feel to be adopted by a kitten? Must feel pretty special actually! Congrats!!
Looks like somebody doesn't wanna be a stray anymore
Did you take him home?!
That is so cute 😃
Ginger cats are the best
You can pet it. That's almost as good as a nap on your lap
Please tell me you kept that kitten.
Thank you for your service❤
I chose my hooman
I hope you two are home snuggling somewhere now!
That kitten was sent by humanity to thank you for your work.

I see you're in scrubs - I hope you mentally and emotionally recover from the horrors you must have seen this year <3
You've been chosen.
That cat claimed you as it’s human.
Thanks for all you do and sorry your year hasn’t been great.  Kitten though.
You're both cute :)
Awww. I would so have taken him home. The kitty has chosen.
Boom... fleas
Not a stray anymore, congrats
Please god tell me that baby was adopted
you have been selected
Did you take him home?
That cat looks like my kitty griffin
Sir you’ve been adopted
A D O P T  H I M
OP you better adopt that cat or the universe will certainly implode.
They are right. Cats choose. You have been chosen.  She/he also knew you needed them.
Love the picture❤️ We often take these unexpected moments for granted. Thanks for sharing.
Congratulations, you now have a kitten
Take it home!
You've been adopted
Scratches you and you turn into a kitten
Truly blessed
Hey bro, thanks for kicking ass at whatever medical institution you're in. We appreciate you.
congratulations, you now have a cat
She has adopted you, it's as simple as that.
r/cuteguyswithcats
Truly a golden moment. Glad that kitten made his year.
You have been chosen
Orange cats are the best for this.
Cats choose you like the flying beast in avatar
Take it
Congratulations on your adoption, OP!
Purrrrrrrrrrfect!  Lucky, lucky you!
I hope you took him home with you
Hope you ended up keeping it
That looks like my sister's cat when he found her, he meowed at her back door while she was at college and strolled in like he lived there. After coming back to my parents house he was raised by an elderly 3 legged American Bulldog (Great Granddaughter of Chance from Homeward Bound 2) and is one of the goodest bois you will ever meet.
You have been chosen!!!!
Please tell us you homed or rescued this little furr baby
Holy shit. what are the chances that two identical cats... jump on the lap of two identical dudes...at the exact same time!?
Second best, after he nestled himself delicately beside you on your couch. At home. Where he now lives.

Yes?
con dude, it's a bad year for everyone. This is proof you deserve some good in your life.
Please tell me you kept him
Cats are life
He chose you because he knows you need him.  You didn’t know, but that is the beauty of cats. They know everything 💕. Enjoy your sweet new partner in crime!
Return the favor and take the little guy home.
Fur Angel
Orange Tabbies are the friendliest cats I've ever had
kitty
If people only knew that big tiger was just a lil pussycat ... meeoww. 👍
Orange Tabs are the best.
Omg this is my dream since I was 5 years old.
IT'S YOUR CAT NOW GIVE A LOT OF LOVE TAKE CARE OF HIM/ HER 🥰❤️❤️❤️
What happened after? I NEED to know! Where's the kitten now? 😭
If you look closely kitty is distracting him with its cuteness, while the left arm is reaching for his back pocket. As you can see in picture on the right it was having some trouble finding it.
Orange kitties are the best! There's even a study that says so!
what level of Disney Princess is this?
https://i.imgur.com/L5CxSll.jpg

Aw that looks like my Weasley!!! 💕
That cat had better be in your house right now.
Hope it keeps getting better from here on out.
Best moment for that kitten too bud!
Looks like you have a cat now
You need to keep seeing that kitten more. Get him into a vet and adopt!
Annnnnd there’s Covid-20
You have been chosen
Kitten claimed you.
It’s a stray no more!!
You better of adopted her!!!
What did you names it because i know you took it home right?
I would adopt that
Bruh you... Look like me from the top. At first I did a double take because I somehow thought someone took a picture of me except I realized I never wear those clothes and cats are fucking weird around me.

But yeah, your top view is 100% what I look like
Congrats on being chosen.
You belong to him now. ❤️I hope you took the kitten home.
I’m actually sad he didn’t adopt him
Congrats on the new cat
No returns you have to take it home now, full parent responsibility!
He owns you know
Orange cats pick their owners. It is known. I hope you took it home with you, or plan to, bc I'm sure he'll be back.
How did I know you were Egyptian just by the plastic bag and your hair. Man, Egyptians can really identify each other.
Gingy kitties, ftw.
This reminds me of a moment when I was so miserable I cried at the very moment I thought of what caused my misery. It was my first day of college and I went my way out in the woods to just breath and hoping to get killed or something. Out of nowhere, a cat came in and slept in my lap for a bit. This made me reconsider life and I'm in a better place now.
I was sitting outside one night, sobbing at the moon in grief over a loss I’d suffered...and this exact thing happened to me with a nearly identical kitten. Her name is Madeline and she’s been an absolute gift from the universe in every way.
Dude. Adorable. That’s a handsome freakin cat.
It chose you....what did you name it?
Nap on my Lap! New band name!!!
That cat is hungry and scared
Well a few days ago, a stray kitten sat next to me and fucking shitted.
 😻FFICAL COVID -CURING -KITTY!😻
That’s cute and wholesome
Adopt the kitty please! Sometimes people are incredibly cruel to friendly strays.
Take him home :(
Congrats, you got adopted!
You're the chosen one
Hang in there, buddy. If you are first responder or healthcare worker, you are doing good work. Thank you.
i hope you gave it scritches and love. i wonder if a cat will ever own me one day.
You have to move in together now
I believe it is the law of the land that you must adopt! If not federal certainly karmic :)
The kitten has adopted you my friend, serve him well.
Oh to be chosen by a cat. I'm allergic and even I respect the rules of the cat ❤
Adopt Will Feral
“This laps mines now”
My cat chose me in this way. He chose you, dont leave him 🥺
Your master has chosen you
Well now you gotta take him home I guess
Take it home
She is thanking u for saving sll those lives.
This was the best part of my day too! Thank you for sharing this! <3
"I wish to rest on your lap, human. Your compliance is a non-factor"

*Proceeds to sleep*
Doesn't look stray. Please see if it is chipped.
I envy you bro....awesome. Enjoy life
Hopefully you kept it. Cats choose their people
🥺🥺
you take that cat home right meow!
I don’t get it, a random cat sits on someone’s lap and it’s the cutest thing but when I do it, everyone freaks the fuck out...
[deleted]
Just so you know, you're stuck there now until it decides otherwise
Aww you look like you’re afraid to move and make it go away, so sweet!
 OP that is adorable and as a medical person I wish you the best and please stay safe (I know you will just wish you the best)
I'm always amazed how animals can deduce to go to humans when they need help or want something.
Congratulations!  You've been adopted!
You are very lucky to have been chosen.
✨✨✨✨((((Hugs)))) ✨✨✨
So many happy tears!
You have been chosen!
Awww cuteness
That's how you get a cat.
“Are you my new daddy?”
And the you adopted him right? Right????
What happened to kitten then?
This is how you get a cat. You've been chosen.
I really hope this wasn’t scripted!
Looks pretty healthy for a stray cat. And friendly too :) The stay cats i have come into contact with weren't friendly, but treated me the same way my cat makes clear he would treat me if he didn't know I provided him with food, toys, treats, and pats ^^
Country roadddd take her homeeee
Did you take it home?
You’ve been chosen. You also have great hair 👌🏼
Oh wow he looks identical to my cat. Ginger cats are the best.
He is legally yours now
In 2020, I wouldn't even trust an [Uninvited](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NLzodptxQcQ) cat...
Looks like you have a kitten now.
I found a gold kitty like that when he was just a kitten. He followed me home and stayed forever!
I hope you took the kitty home <3
I trust you mean your whole life right
He wouldn’t give u a cuddle unless u deserved it! Keep up the good work, friend!
I really hope this ended with you adopting him!  That is an adorable kitten.
Country roads, TAKE HIM HOMEEE
Did you take it home? Pls say yes.
You have been chosen. You are now that kitten's human. This is how you get a cat, and this is how a cat gets you.
this is the cutest thing I've seen today
This is your familiar 

It has chosen you
Looks like you need each other.
And you took it home...
How have you gotten away with not telling us if you kept it
😭😭😭😭 I love this so much!!
I understand that feeling bro
Surprise twist: The cat has COVID.
If that person wasn’t just adopted by that cat I swear
And now you have fleas....
Thats so sweet
The dear kitten knew you needed he or she for that moment, for this year.  Thank you for sharing.
C H O S E N  O N E
You kept it right?
I love how cats chose their humans 

A cat we used to have a long time ago we let out and roam the neighborhood

He always chose a neighbor up the street to hang out with all day, then come back home at night for us to feed him and give him a place to sleep. Then in morning meowing to run back to the neighbor. Little bastard!
KEEP IT
Right in the feels, man. I love this and I'm glad you had this experience.

I have learned that to cats, were kind of considered furniture for them.
Hang in there buddy
Animals know good souls
that's how i got a cat. i was sitting at a starbucks having a smoke and he just walked up and sat in my lap. eventually he put his paws up on my shoulders and smelled my face, the kind of "hug" a kitty will give you. my gf was with me and i was like well i have a cat now. here is [hamcat tax](https://imgur.com/a/D9rpgJ9) RIP my good boy
You're halfway to Disney princess status
Cosmic kitten knew you needed cosmic kitten purrs. 

Go buy a lottery ticket.
Congratulations on your fluffy, ginger overlord.
I would have found away to take that baby if I was at work and on my lunch break. So sad if he didn’t bother to find away. I have a two year old cat and I love him so much he is my cuddle baby loves to warm my feet up if they are cold. My pup loves to lick my feet so I have a fur blanket and an auto foot washer at home. Best cuddle buddies in the world!
I think one of its kidneys was exploded by a kick, Human Kick, and it needs to go to the veterinary.
This isn’t you.  This is a Fucking control of image.
You have been adopted congratulations
She's beautiful
CTRL + F "You have been chosen!"
You have been chosen. Please forever look after this kitty.
You sir, have just been adopted.
The coolest kitten ever!!!
Orange cats are such bro’s
Kitty knew you needed some comfort for a bit to cheer you up, even if you couldn't take him home. They can be surprisingly empathetic that way. 

*comes up, snuggles for a bit and has a nap because he felt you needed him, then wakes and is off to his next mission after a few pets fom you as a thank you...his job here done today....*
Awww
Looks like he was sent by The Agency.
Ginger cats are the best
Did you not take it home? What
Please help him & his family by capturing them and taking them to be adopted!
Grace is all around you my friend.
Cute!  I hope you adopted it!
Congratulations on your new cat, sir
Hey look, it's Turkandjaydee and JD!
The chosen one
Would've been interesting if the caption ended with, "Later that night I contracted a fever and have been coughing nonstop ever since."
Any port in a storm :)
OP it would be nice if you adopted the kitty, but don't feel bad if you don't. Don't let reddit pressure you into doing something you aren't ready for. Not everyone is able to care for a cat or wants to, and that's OK.
You have a cat now, friend.
Please,please, tell me you took him home!
Can cats carry covid?...
That is so precious. Enjoy your new pet :)
Adorable. My best moment is the fly on Pence’s head last night. It’s been a tough year.
You must have a good soul
Cute AF

Yeah the cat is cute too I guess
Wait until you realize that you now have fleas...  then you'll be plunged right back into the reality of 2020.
AWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW
[deleted]
You got ring worm now
Its yours
You’ve been chosen
I usually hate cats (I have very good reasons for it) but this is adorable
Whats wrong with 2020
cats are carriers, and if it's a stray I doubt it's gotten any kind of vaccinations. At that age you got to be careful of toxoplasmosis, because that's when the cats can both get and transmit it to humans.
You’ve just been adopted.
He chose you !! If he has nowhere to live, take him home, he wants your hugs
Did you take the kitty to the vet? Maybe adopt it?
Aww, you two look so cute together!
Awwww, is so right
YOU BETTER ADOPT THAT KITTEN
Orange tabbies are the best.
You unexpectedly became a parent on your lunch break... you are going to need a couple of days off.
That would have been best moment in my life
Awwww it adopted you! How sweet of that kitten to take you in!
Honestly, this is what it was like in the more touristy parts of Key West. Especially near Mallory Square and the Hemmingway House. Almost every bench or ground level outdoor eatery we sat at, cats would come up and sit on wife and I and walk around our legs and/or relax on us. And chickens would do it, too.
Sometimes when I get home from work late at night I'll see this black cat roaming around across the street. The only reason I can see her is because she always looks right at me and the moment I make the slightest sound or gesture she's sprinting over to get some pets. She has a collar so she's not necessarily a stray or even lost, but in those little moments I forget every awful moment of working retail during this nightmarish year and all I can think is "I love that random black cat and she loves me."
What do you mean stray kitten? 

Clearly you were chosen and your home no longer belongs to you.
You better keep him/her
You've been adopted. You have to keep him now.
Stray?  Did you mean officially your cat? 

Cats get to select their human.
yellow cat, best cat
Steal him
Speak for yourself. This year has been great to me.
Welp, guess you're a proud new Papa.
You need to take her/him happiness forever
Looks like a young version of my puss. I miss him.
Pls adopt him
I guess the guy has been adopted
Sorry your having a bad day, but that doesn't justify killing others by not wearing your mask.
i just love how he doesnt run away and throw the kitten thinking he's cursed. what a nice man :)
Assuming it isn't a stray any longer?
I swear to god you take that kitty home right now you.
That kitten owns you now
But guys! CaTs ArE sO uNfRiEnDlY aNd MEEEEAAANNN and dogs are BETTERRRRRR

&#x200B;

/s, Of course. Cute as hell, you've been picked! It's against cat law not to take it home with you, by the way.
"Look for the helpers! Look for the helpers!"
Not to rain on your parade but that stray cat could be infected with COVID...
Plot Twist: Cat has COVID
That’s the COVid kitty.  
PS - you also now have Cat AIDS
Animals instinctively know when and where they are safe. It's up to you now to live up to to your potential.
This happened to me constantly in Istanbul last year.   They can spot tourists.
"Tyger Tyger, burning bright, "
Hope you got the snuggles you deserve!
Kitty visitors are the best! There’s two cats in my neighborhood that visit me several times a week when I’m in my back yard. Sometimes they want snuggles, but often we just sit and relax together.
you seem like a good dad now I choose you
I now have tears in my eyes.
Your cat now!
My burden is light.
That kitty is there for the goldfish lol. Jokes aside that is cute. Take care of it and hopefully it will be your pet :D
but if you're the one in the picture... who's holding the camera 😳
Put the money you get from posting a picture towards a vet appointment and some cat food & give that baby a home
I hope you rescued this kitten
Just a reminder that somebody loves you, now take him home for a good life
Looks well kept for a stray.  Prob just an outdoor cat.
pet the damn cat
What a nice memory
You were chosen. Enjoy the love
Aww Mr. Mister loves you!
maybe he was lookin for a place to place ....the fleas
Congratulations! You now own a cat!
Pretty good looking stray.
Cats r amazing. They pick there people. Congratulations. U have just been adopted 😂
i hope u took him
N
Kitty just wanted a home, your it, congratulations!
This is what I love about cats. I know that not all of them are like this; this one though is one of the more friendly cats.
I seriously hope you took it home
please say you adopted it
So adorable I think it’s your kitty now
I hope you keep him!!!
Dude...update? Cmon now....
You have been chosen
You have a pet now
Oh how sweet!!!
You are the chosen one so now ya gotta adopt it
"Ok, and you're coming home with me."
Please say he lives with you now!! He chose YOU for his human!!!
Idk what you mean "stray", that's your cat now.
Even stray kittens call him Zionspartan
You are chosen
Go back every day with a cage. That lil guy will be back and you NEED to have it
Keep it
I hope you find him again and take him home!
He is yours now
You took it home, right?   The kitten needs a home and you need the kitten to come home and spend time together.
Stray cat has entered the chat
Awee. Animals are the best!
Awwww! ❤️❤️❤️
Take the kitter home!
not gonna lie.. as a 40-something year-old male.. that makes me totally jealous.  That looks pretty great.
ADOPT, NOW
Awww how sweet 🥰🥰🥰🥰my brother has a kitty did the same thing to me best moment of my life
But who was phone????
If you didn’t take him home...
Guess the kitten wanted a catnap
Spiritually cats are protectors which makes sense because of your profession that he would purr on u
You just gave it Covid
That cat is way way too clean and healthy looking to be a stray.
Orange cats are the best.
You don’t choose a cat it chooses you.
Meanwhile the cat I adopted a year ago still bites and scratches me for fun
Did he keep it?
I hope you adopted him. He needs you.
You have been chosen.  Resistance is futile.
Orange cats don’t get enough love. They are consistently the most loving and personable cats I come across. Don’t know what I’d do without my dopey Omar.
You're not allowed to move until he wakes up
Omg 🥰😭
This is how soul mates are found. I speak from experience with a stray hopping into my car and on my lap at the side of a busy highway. That cat knew I saved him and he was my best friend until he passed.
Twist: it has covid
That's your cat now bro.  It CHOSE You!!
You got that 'glow' thing going on... obvs. 👍
I’m now the proud papa of two stray cats over the past few months and I have to say taking care of them has brought lots of joy to me heart.
wait till he realises that covid-19 is zoonotic and his mask is down...
Some people have all the luck
You’re the chosen one
omg. my dream.
Let there be meow
Kitten: i like blue, you are blue, I sleep on you
Yep.  You’re his now.
Oranges make the best buddies
Cats feel your energy and when you are tired, stressed and your immune system is low they can feel it, for this reason he approached you, to recharge you. Cats are awesome 😍😍😍😍
This is adorable! The little guy must have known you needed it and you looked like a comfy and safe human for him. Some male kittens are pretty fearless and super social (I have one that jumps on people and gets excited anytime someone is over- which is not often nowadays haha).  These pictures are precious!
Where Dyou live? I never see stray cats here :(
Orange cats are the best companions! She/He chose you!
HE IS THE CHOSEN ONE
Looks like she has chosen you.
Looks like my cat so cute
Finally, some good f****ing food
Is for you
It will change your life. Take it home.
Thank you for helping people :). I've read some comments about your abnormal working time, wish you the best to be safe during this craziness
....and that’s how the great Catrona Virus of 2020 started.
I don't know who's cuter, you or the cat
Aw! He saw your scrubs and knew you were in need of some kitten cuddles 💕 so adorable, thanks for sharing! Stay strong 💪🏻
Sorry, OP, may have missed it in the comments but what medical field are you in?
This would be best moment even in a good year
You have been adopted, Hooman.
Stray? Congrats OP. You have a cat now.
You don't choose kittens. Kittens choose you.
You just got adopted! Congrats!! <3
This reminds me of St. George’s School of Medicine in Grenada. They have stray cats that hang out where people eat. Rather friendly compared to most stray cats in America
You're probably wearing the cologne his old owner used to wear before he moved and left him behind.
You both needed and deserved it❤
It's  not a stray anymore. Looks like it found It's human. If you can't keep it, it still knows you're a good enough person that it can trust you.
Congrats on being chosen!
AWWWWWWWW
Sadly, it *is* 2020, so it probably had fleas. 😣
Just thanks!
He would of kept it but it wouldnt fit with him in the miata
Honey I just got us dinner!!
Looks like you've been adopted bro
r/upvotebecauseboy
How do you know it's a stray?
That’s exactly how I ended up with my cat. And he looked exactly like the kitten in your photos when he ran up to me back in April. 👀 That kitten might be a keeper.
Good grief that's adorable
Wanna bet he left him?
Animals know a good soul when they find one
You have been chosen!
Stay still human, I need a quick nap.
You own a cat now sir xD
Not a stray anymore.  You belong to him now.
The chosen human!
That is so sweet.  I hope u took it home. ❤️✌🏻

I had a cat show up at my house after quarantine began. 

Then my sister found a little dog and he became mine too. 

They are my furry little brothers 
And they are both cow colored.
Omg how cute! That must have made your day! Did you end up giving it a home?
I mean kittens want to nap in warm places where they can feel love and you looked pretty loving! This is so adorable
He's not a start anymore!
My dear cat Willow passed away a mere 8 days before Halloween last year and I was still emotionally overtaxed dealing with the loss (still am tbh) on Halloween. I’m walking around town in costume and see an orange tabby very similar to the one in the picture, I let him sniff my hand and scratch his chin a little bit, then sit down on the step next to him. Little guy immediately climbs into my lap and settles himself in for a nap.

I *cried* at that. Willow was the biggest love bug imaginable and loved to lay in my lap whenever we were together, so having a cat I just met act much like her was just too much. I think it was a good cry. Oddly therapeutic.

I named him Vegeta after the costume I was wearing when we met.
YOU HAVE BEEN CHOSEN
Go find that sweet baby and bring him home!
Congratulations on your new kitten!
❤️❤️❤️
the best photo I've seen today. it really touches my heart
Its just a picture of the Mando and baby Yoda
He chose you!!
😍😍😍
It looks my cat!! UwU
So sweet!❤️
I love this so much.
That poor baby wants love. Please find this kitten a home.
he’s yours legally now
Wow
You better adopt it
Congrats on your new cat
You have been claimed. You're his pet now.
I hope you kept him
You are the chosen!
r/eyebleach pandemic edition.
Beautiful 💓🐱🤗💙💕‼️
You've been chosen
So what did you name your new cat?
Did he adopt you? Update please!
This actually happened to me once.  Went to a dolphin show as some animal park in Key Largo.  Yellow tabby jumps in my lap like 2 sec after I sit down and just hangs out for the entire show.
Do you have to change scrubs before continuing to work?
You now own a cat... "I choose you" 🐈
THE ORANGE BEBBIE HAS BLESSED YOU ❤️
Not sure how you left that spot without taking the kitten with you!
I lost my 14 yr old dog to cancer at the end of July and the snuggles is something I miss every single day. And waking up to her staring at me and waiting for breakfast.
This is how you get a cat, by the way. That's just how it happens
This was how I got one of my cats. I saw a grey tabby cat while walking home and he came to rub my leg when I called it. I picked it up and it was super chill being held so I took him home. I had just lost a cat to illness a few months back, so he filled me with so much light. Unfortunately he is no longer here, got the same FLUTD that killed my other cats. But he was spoilt & fat when I had him.
Kitty knew you needed a morale booster. 

*Enjoy your new kitty friend! 🐱*
Keep da kat
You own that cat now!
Just lost my kitty today. This made me smile.
Take her home! She needs you!
This is reverse Pokèmon.

Catto : human, i choose you ^ W ^
i hope you took the kitten home
You better have ducking taken that cat home
It reminds of this cat I sheltered for a few days. It looks like mine either!
It’s a notable person a cat chooses what’s his name?
That's Nice!
I hope it finds you again :(
Yes when I visited St. John’s all cars on the road stopped when a dog was running down the road and their donkeys wander freely. Whereas her we have our animals hit by cars all the time..there is such a difference !
Naw you knew that cat.
To earn the trust and adoration of an animal is the greatest feeling in the world. 

Be sure not to betray that trust.
I saw you went back to look for the kitten when your shift was over.  Kudos!  It would be great if you're able to find him later.
Jealous.
The cat chooses the human. That much has always been clear to those who study catlore.
ماشاء الله أخي
Please tell me you adopted the kitty. Or at least lie to me and tell me you did
Aww
Until you got rabies.
By law, you can't move until the cat jumps off you.
Awww that’s how we got our kitten. He showed up outside and let my boyfriend pick him up. He’s orange too :)
Where is this it looks like my missing cat?
So did you keep the kitteh? Tell us, tell usssss!
Looks to me like you have a kitty now. Post updates please :)
Did you take him home?
you have been chosen...
You got a fuzzy kid, brother. Congrats!
Aww
I hope you took it home.
Please tell me you kept him OP, he chose you out of everyone.
I would have so taken that little ginger home.
When the pokey man chooses you
So cool!
Did you take it home or give it something
Sooo you kept it right ?
That’s beautiful.
Nice chin diaper.
It can tell that you’re a good person
My grandma has a bunch of stray cats and dogs that visit her, (by a bunch I mean 20 total) and recently a baby cat came along, and I just happened to be visiting, I’ll post an image. It slept on the bench next to me, and god was it cute. My grandma lives in rural Greece so stray dogs and cats are the norm sadly. One stray dog, really cute dog. Covered in dirt, filth, blood. It’s normal but it’s also very depressing


https://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/j7t6h1/stray_baby_cat_that_sat_next_to_me/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf
I saw this on my other account
Not ok that your country allows stray cats.
Hope you have given him your heart and home!
Now that's a lot of awards in phill swift voice
Turkish?
Please tell me you adopted him
You have been chosen
Don’t worry buddy, we’ll get through this.
The chosen one
Keep the cat
"oH mY gOd, He MiGhT hAvE rAbIeS" said every parent ever
Pv Rivera? Hit me up
The best ginger
Time to save a kitten and make a friend!
I hope you took the car home 🥺💕
And of course it's an orange tabby.
you have been chosen.
You are the chosen one.
Once there was a cat that could only meow backwards:

“ Woem! Woem!”
hey human your my bed
AWW MAH GAAAAWD- wish my cat would do that T^T
You’ve been chosen
You are The choosen one. You are supose to bring balance
cats honestly can be the best. +respect for that cat
Beautiful. I think she likes you! (I’m a cat whisperer.)
Cute!
Give that little kitten a kiss!  Don't just sit there...😀.  Nice pic...it has been a helluva year
There is only one thing to say.... Awww
I sure hope you found that baby a home. 🌞
No, but seriously-is this person bringing this kitten home with them today?
🥰🥰🥰
The man in the second photo looking for his cat
Cat owns ur soul now :3
a genuine question: how do you know it doesn’t have any diseases? i would love for this to happen to me but i’d be too worried about diseases and end up scaring it away by accident
This whole year hasn't been miserable :)
Rule 12
GIVE ALL THE UPDOOTS!!!!
Ginger cats are just so sociable!!

I wonder why that is.
Dude, what’s it with everyone and stray cats ?? Don’t you guys have any idea where these little guys have been !?? Give em a bath first !
And that’s how you get ringworm
Orange tabbys aren't the prettiest breed but they're definitely the sweetest.
Then he gets ring worms lol
And someone was conveniently there to memorialize this completely spontaneous, uncontrived moment. Beautiful.
Anyone else having an awesome year? I got paid more than I normally do without having to work at all (unemployment +$600/wk). Now I'm working from home which is great. Everyone has more free time so hanging out with friends more than usual. Livestreams every night of crazy people burning down cities. I hate cities. It's great.
I don't want to sound like "that guy" but I'm worried since the cat is a stray, it might carry Covid, would be safer if he kept his mask on.
Shut up crybaby
R/ThatHappened
but can the kitten lift up rhinos and choke female MMA competitors with it's mind?
And then came the rabies 🦠
The kitten had covid
Ewww it’s a stray.
And now you have COVID. Because 2020.
That cat recognizes who's going to die soon. Be careful!
Jokes on you. The kitten had Covid
Keep it in your car until you get off of work
Cute, but Lordt what time of microscopic germs or God forbid fleas that feral cat had and now he goes back into work taking car of sick people which is supposed to be a sterile environment with cat hair and what not's on him.
Now a hawk came
And ate him good job.
Pathetic life
