That dog’s face says “I’m not really sleeping but I was here before you started recording. I’m not moving!”
This is the weather forecaster at the local Fox station in DFW, early on during the COVID, he removed the dogs from out of camera view and there was a huge response to bring the dogs back.  I’m glad he did, as a local in DFW, this is always a highlights of my morning.
excuse me: IT HAS ITS OWN DOGGO SIZED COUCH.
Hey that’s our weather guy in DFW! Sometimes he has his pet turtle on camera as well. Dude is just a joy to have on screen
I'm a little tired right now so my brain was frazzled when I saw this , I thought it was either a really big dog or a really small couch, I'm assuming it's the latter
The bone shaped pillow! That dog is the hero we need right now.
That’s Evan Andrew’s home office for weather reporting for Channel 4 news in the Dallas and Fort Worth area. He also has a large tortoise that occasionally lumbers by. Another weather reporter for channel 4, Ali Turiano, has cats that constantly jump up in front of her displays of radar and maps. One of the best things about COVID-19 is the reporting from home. I hope they don’t switch back to in-studio when this pandemic ends.
Finally, a news program reporting on the important stuff
Awwwww

*Me seeing this post while sitting on my bed with two dogs left and right of me*
The bone pillow is just the icing on the cute doggo cake.. also it seems to me under slight investigation that I can conclude this house is the dogs house that he rightfully owns and the human is wrongfully inside of it.

SEIZE HIM!
Cute pup awh!!
The most comfortable doggo in the world.
[deleted]
I only watch the news to see their dogs
Evan Andrews Fox 4 news in Dallas. He does the weather. I love seeing what his dogs are up when I'm getting ready for work in the morning
I love that there’s so caption. Doggo needs no intro, simply steals the show.
LOL I have the same couch for my dog. I’ve never seen anyone else with it before!

EDIT: my dog on his little couch https://www.reddit.com/r/americanbulldog/comments/grym3e/heres_the_fat_boxer_i_adopted_from_the_animal/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf
I am a little doggo, I have a little nap, I have to rest twice a day, but not on humans lap. 

.
I'd continue but I'm not very creative and I'm terrible at rhyming.
“I’m sorry ... did you report something?” 💙🐶
That is life goals! I wanna be reincarnated and have a life like that.
[deleted]
As awful as covid has been, seeing everyone's pets on zoom is a pretty good Silver lining
That man got to walk his dog
Working from home might be so sweet
Check out Cheryl Scott's weather dog, Lola!
Dog slep, human wrk
Hello??? Drum set as well??
That dog looks severely overweight which makes me sad. Overfeeding pets leads to the same obesity problems that humans get and can be considered animal cruelty. Yes, he has his own couch, but he should also be fed properly.
Goals.
Looks like an egg roll with legs and ears.
We need to make a petition for whenever the government delivers bad news, they must have a doggo on screen.
*and someone get this gud boi some pets*
It was a slow news day.
Shhhh you guys, the goodest boi is sleeping
I have strategically positioned my webcam to pick a armchair in my background, as my puppy always runs over and sleeps in the chair.

Creates great conversation starters, makes you more likeable and is amazing overall.
Doggo living the good life as he should.
Sleep doggo you deserve :)
All i can imagine is my mom and dad tucking me to sleep in this pic because he looks so chill
Good mornin' 😇😀🌷! Awww. Such an adorable dog. How cute is that 😁🌸🌼🦋
sleepy potato :)
He knows it was *Fox News* so he pretended to sleep. 

Whose a good boy!
Fox 4? Kc area?
This is the same reporter that had two dogs fucking on the same couch behind him a couple of months ago
This is too precious, but seriously who puts a dog bed by a doorway
*DEAD BODY REPORTED*
Is that a dog chesterfield?  Holy crap, that's cute.
He got his own lil couch
Too adorable
That's a big ol "Hmph!"
That doggo is an absolute MOOD.
There are whole Youtube compilations of broadcasters being interrupted by pets and kids.  One of the better things to come out of the quarantine.  

One example:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iADeliu4Fc4&t=2s
I wish I did zoom calls. My dog would be constantly next to me during work.
Nothing beats John Heilemann and his roving Great Danes though.
You gotta fat dog for midterms
I LOVE chunky labs, so cute
That bone pillow really took this pic to the top!
Chonkzilla
he looks like he had a really hard day at office
He really has his own couch.. this is amazing content 😂
He knows what hes doing angled next to his dog like that. Pro gamer move nobody watches fox news but people would watch a dog sleep on the news
I wish I could sleep as well as dogs do, this year.
I love seeing everyone's animals.  In my life, I've had dogs (7), cats (3), birds (3), frogs (2), and fish (100s), and I miss all of them.  I can't have any more so it gives me great pleasure to be able to see everyone else's unconditional loves.
He chonmk
Burrito body.
lol what a chubby doggo
Mr Snuggles :|
he snooze
DAMN BOY, HE THICC!
Thicc boi on thicc couch
He CHONKY
What a chunkers
Chomnk
You must be a local to be watching Evan!
I had the power for 16.3k or 16.4k and of course it now has 16.4k
There is only one reason I watch Fox 4 and it is for that dog
Aww I love his head resting on the bone shaped pillow! So adorable. <3
The news I want to see!
Dude doesn't give a shit about anyone or anything.
,,?
:))
Everyone liked that :)
I wish i had a dog
I love him
Why does the news always hide little background things? Like I bet you've seen the one where the guy is holding his coffee cup upside down.
This is how showing off is supposed to be
Thanks bro :))
I vote they never go back to the studio. Always this.
Just a single “:))”, is OP Vietnamese by any chance?
When you find the only reason to watch fox
🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺
Aww he has his own little doggy couch!
Peaceful 👉🏼👈🏼
As a doctor who does telehealth, this is all too common. My patients would rather talk about my dog than their health. Whatever brings a smile to their face = time well spent
wait, the doggo was the imposter the whole time?
Probably.

I see my name with it :))
I love that this photo suggests that the dog has their own couch.
today my cat slept around 5 hrs straight
Say my name.
Imagine if he's telling us something super important but all just staring at the dog
He could have at least buried him. Poor little guy.
I do wonder how the families of these anchors feel with them turning on the lights at 4:30AM and talking all morning long.  "Good morning, Tucson! Let's take another look at the weather this morning... yep, hot today, tomorrow, and next week..."

"Give it a rest, Mom!"
D o g g e
r/unexpectedgoodboy
So cute ❤️
Makes me think of Kendall Rae. I come for the mysteries but stay for the floofs.
Never thought I'd upvote something that was on FOX news lol
Local news for me! Where in Texas you at?
That’s my new station!!!
He is a good boy!
Puppie sleep
good boi is a chonky boi.
I really want to know the dogs name, if I don’t find it I will instead call him borigard or Boris I like both names
Cute doggo
Finally! Some good news!!!!
You love to see it :)
Chonker <3
Best local Fox affiliate ever!!!! Anything with puppies is  great!!!!
that looks like my dog
Oh my goodness
Background chunkster
Mood
Nice
Chonker
:)
That’s a man who really loves his dog. Little one has a literal couch and bone shaped pillow.
That bone pillow 😂
Awwww
I love him
When u sleep over your friends house and have no blanket lol
But who is watching Fox news?
Did Toby get Kevin’s dog?
I love how 2020 this is: a totally adorable picture of a happy dog and turns into someone’s diatribe on diet and exercise. Jesus...
I always love seeing how comfortable other people's pets are.
Reppin Dallas Texas!!! Fox 4
I vote news casters continue working from home just so we keep seeing their pets in the background
Dog-sized couch complete with a bone pillow? 

Now that’s a man who loves his doggy! 😍
The doggy couch 🥺
Adorable absolute unit
He's sleeping on a fancy dog bed and has a bone pillow.  Are you kidding me?!?
Chonk.
Today is my late puppies birthday and this is exactly what I picture her doing on other side of rainbow bridge 😁 RIP Rylie miss ya girl
Finally, something worth watching on Fox.
Everything about that is great from the relaxation, to the dog bone pillow, and to the small couch
That's one chonky dog
Now this is news I can watch!
Money well spent 👌
Bone hehe
aww
He looks a bit chunky
He’s napping so hard though
I needed this today!
The doggo deserves to nap in the same room with his owner
I need that kind of nap
Aaaaaawwww
He must be protected at all costs.
My heart just melted😅
I like to think it's dreaming about a bone as big as his pillow
The bone pillow!! so cute
Give the guy a break he’s slumped
Aww the big doggie bone pillow
Thats the boy
I love when that happens
What Channel is this
Snoozin' while the hooman is newsin'
He’s sleeping while dad’s at work :))
It's really all I can do to not run around my living room squealing, "Doggie sized sofa with a bone-shaped pillow!" over & over again.
**CHONK**
Sleepy McSnoozy Head.
Hes problably dreaming about getting a pat
What a good baby!!!!
That is the single most awesome thing i have seen today, thanks for making my day even tho I'm in bed, anout to go to sleep lmao.
He's our weather guy on Fox4 here in Dallas, fyi.....the Hooman, not the good boi..
Is that Johnny Sins?
My dogs only get health tables scraps leftovers like green veggies, and potato skins never meat trimmings or bones, no corn or other starches. Now if I would limit the stuff I feed myself so well.
Good boi sleepy
Is that a puggle? Mine looks just like that when she sleeps.
What a cutie
Haha fox 4 Dallas i see
He slepp!
Mood.
My online therapist used to have his Yorkie in the background on his little pillow.
"Time for a nap. I'm  a dog who loves to snooze"
I love watching Evan and his dogs and Turtle every morning!
Cute phat boi
Das a plump lil couch potato right there
Kệ việc ghi hình của ông. Tôi ngủ đây, mệt quá rồi :)
If you ain't this extra, what's the point?
Goodboi sleps
Peaceful dog hhhhh
Това куче  ми дава щастие
What a silly fatso :D
Is that Gary Lezak?
Fox 4 Kansas City?
He chunky
Bestest chonker!!!
Even dogs are obese in USA, wth
The only good thing to come from Fox "news"
You're emoticon of choice looks like Joe Biden trying to smile.
This was staged for the broadcast obviously and the viral payoff for this guy has been spectacular
Sleepy Doggo
Wow, this really humanizes news reporters for once 🙂
[deleted]
[removed]
I'm the dog😂
[deleted]
even the dog isnt interested
He’s actually dead
What sort of monster puts his drumset near the dog bed/couch?
Tired of his bullshit 


Isn’t that a child sofa ?
