He already seemed plenty happy even before they put it on him!
I’m gonna lick you!

I’m gonna lick you!!

I’m gonna lick you!!!

Hey, Cameraman, get over here. I’m gonna lick you, too!!!!
I CAN DO TIPPY TAPS NOW!
Thank you for posting this. I could feel his happiness and excitement so much.
The immortal ones have bestowed upon me new legs. Their power is infinite. 

-the dog, probably
The last time I truly cried was when we put a fence up in our backyard and our rescue mutt went out in his new "world" and just ran around like crazy being off-leash outside for the first time.  I knew right away it was worth every dollar.  Dogs man... sheesh.  I'd later shovel a 8-foot wide path around the entire thing so he could do his daily security check of the premises.  We lost him about this time last year, after 14 great years, but man did I love that guy!
Please tell me hes called lieutenant Dan?
“We can rebuild him, we have the technology......the Six Million Dollar doggo!”
RIP eardrums Jesus fuck
The tail wagging gets anymore faster and my man's gonna start flying.
The story is heartbreaking.  The neighbour chopped the dogs legs off for chewing their shoes even after the owner offered to pay.  The dog ended up with the person who runs the shelter who also has a prosthesis.  The dog is called kola or cola
The lick at the end got me, he's a very happy good boy
Fucking loud audio warning, woah there!
a volume warning would have been GREAT by the way my fucking ears
this is the best video ive ever seen in my life
Maybe some anti slip rubber soles?
No youre crying!!
You can totally tell he's trying to put his front legs up on them. Soon he'll figure out the right amount of effort to put from his shoulders to actually do that. It's going to be awesome!
This really should have come with an audio warning.. my eardrums just exploded 😂😩
r/killedthecameraman
We don't deserve dogs
Just so happens that I know that dog (Cola).  He's incredibly happy and affectionate and I've been lucky enough to give him a cuddle on more than one occasion.

He still has those legs but, last year, he was fitted with more hi-tech, custom prosthetics.

He gets taken for a run on the beach, twice a day, every day and is living a very happy life.
So happy! I love it when he just runs at the camera like he is excited to see everyone and be able to walk around!
Loved that part at the end when he ate the camera :) thanks for sharing this it made my day
The tail wagging kisses. Yes.
Those legs look like aigis's legs from persona 3
I was having a bad day. This certainly helped!
When I was but a young'un, we had a Dalmatian who was way too fearless. 

One day when me and my father got home the damn idiot excitedly jumped down half the length of our (12 steps) staircase. Broke his wrist.

My parents took him to the vet, where they learned the ankle was destroyed beyond repair.   
The only thing they could do was stiffen the wrist.

Ridiculously expensive, but my parents did it. 

The result was something very similar to this dog'a prosthetics.   

All this to say, that fella is gonna have a hell of a time getting up and down stairs.   
But I'm so glad my parents gave him a few more years, and I'm so happy to see this fella get such a massive body to his enjoyment of life. He'll be able to run and play for real again!

Our dog would later die of cancer still fairly young. Brain tumor. He became aggressive towards the end, especially towards me for some reason.   
He was always a good boy though. Always.

His name was Spike.   
My sister named him. She won't admit it, but I'm 90% certain she named him after the coolest vampire ever.
MY EARS WHAT DID I DO TOO YOU! T_T
Lt. Dawg!  You Got Legs!
Happy for doggo!
Why does this dog look like Richard Gere?
 Run free, baby! <3
Lt. Dan you got new legs!
This is lovely, but he seems to slip a bit.  Slap some slip resistant pads onto those bad boys and pupper is good to go.
Heart warming
I like how dogs just don’t give a fuck what it looks like. They’re more concerned on the function it allows.
A Pawsthesis
I work on a tv show that’s all about putting prosthetics on animals, called Wizard Of Paws. We’re casting for season 2, DM me if you have an animal in need!
u/priasingh look how happy he is 🥺🥺🥺
His furry friends were rejoicing for him as well 🥺
Cyberpup 2020
Dogs are so amazingly resilient. Mine just had her front leg amputated a few days ago and she’s doing better than we ever expected.
Sometimes we do deserve dogs.
Dogs are the best. They bring out the best in people and cheer me up after a really bad day. I wish they lived longer. Seems like yesterday I got my Ali. She is 14 now and has dementia and other old age issues. I don’t want to let her go but I know I have to do that soon. It’s about her not me.
We dont deserve dogs
Sorted by controversial to see if anyone said shit like "and then they ate him", but good to see that r/aww is not that toxic
That’s a pretty awesome way to start the day. Thanks for sharing!
i've made a few of these, some dogs take to it well others want none of it. It is very satisfying to see the ones it works out well for.
You get a lick, you get a lick, EVERYBODY GETS A LICK!
/u/SaveThisVideo
i cried - too damn fukn cute!
Dam you can’t put a ball joint on that thing to simulate a paw?
"Finally! I can give important affection to every person in the room in seconds without struggle :3"
he WALKIN
Is a nice start but it needs some rubber base at the end so hes not slipping on tiles
Magic leg zoomies!
u/savethisvideo
We don't deserve dogs, always so happy and grateful for everything we do
Yesss!  The doggy is so happy!  Wonderful people
Lieutenant Dog, you got new legs!!!
Magic legs
I need watch this video anytime I’m angry about useless things
Omg he dancin’!
r/zoomies
/uvredditdownloader
Awwww this is too precious. 😔♥️
Full metal
I’ll upvote this all day! 

And not because of the tears in my eyes!!
Everyone liked this
Broooo
He so happy! Do those legs have rubber pads or something at the bottom to stop him slipping around? Cause I could imagine that would be an issue.
The other animals still in their cage: Nice. Now either let me out or let me sleep.
Gentlemen, we can rebuild him. We have the technology. We have the capability to build the world’s first bionic dog. This will be that dog. Better than he was before. Better, stronger, faster.
I love dogs they always seem to be happy no matter what
I'm not crying, you're crying!
Look at the happy boi!
Thats enough to make the heart sing.
What's the only thing happier than a 3 legged dog? A 4 legged dog.

Heard this a while ago. It's really saying that there's no gap in hapiness between a 4 and 3 legged dog like you would see in a human with 1 arm instead of two. Dogs just live thier lives (of course we don't really know if they feel sad over the loss).
This made my day.
This straight up made me cry.
God damn it dogs are incredible. I’m writing this with my 6 month old spaniel snoring in my lap and I’m all mushy inside and have forgotten what day of the week it is. I love him that much that when I found out I’m allergic to dogs (after having a reaction to him) I said “fuck it, guess I’m gonna sneeze a lot then. 🤷‍♂️” He’s awesome. This dog is awesome. Dogs are awesome.
Woaah Thanks! So sweet!
Oh, and thank you too, camera man! (Slurp)
five bucks says you smiled at this video when the dog came at the camera - i sure as hell did
If that dog isn't named Lieutenant Dan a serious opportunity has been lost to mankind.
this may be the greatest thing ive ever seen on the internet.
Man I really wish I could give this an award or 5
“Who’s a good boy?  Me!“
That puppy was showing his genuine gratitude to those kind hearted folks that made it possible for him to do so. Dogs teach us soo much about how we should treat one another, he absolutely insists on having a good day no matter what! Watching joy like that is the best kind of encouragement there is!
Love this! Receives two new front legs, less than 10 seconds later, now let me try jumping haha!
At first I was like, "I wish the resources to make that went to a poor human child who needs a new leg or arm." But then I remembered I'm gay. And by gay law I'm required to love all dogs an irrational amount. 

So yay puppy!
Something tells me this dog is always happy.
Pawsthetics!
Aww he’s so cute 🥺
This is what we should be doing with our big brains.
Dogs do a headshake as a way of saying 'its okay', she was so excited, she just wanted to go out and run.
Every time I think about the future the thing that excites me most is always new medical tech. I’m always excited to see what comes next. I’m really glad I live in an age where we can do this sort of thing.
u/savethisvideo
Magic legs
Ah yes prosthesiekesms
nice doggie.
Ah man, the pure joy can be seen in his tail
Woke up and saw this. Literally made my fucking day!
100% makes my day.
We dont deserve dogs 🥺
babyyyyyyyyyyy
Bless your heart for taking care of this loving, happy dog!
That’s the stuff I need.  There is such goodness in the world.
Wow he can walk already! What a good boi
My heart melted
I will always upvote this happy pup.
[deleted]
bestest tippy taps ever
Damn the onion chopping ninjas.
This made me smile. Good humans.
I'm crying.  God bless you.
r/tippytaps
Awe. That was adorable. Melted my heart and making me tear up lol.
Best boy
I CANT AWWWWWWWWWWWWWW
I love a happy ending.
Almost 70 comments and only one upvote...
OMG THIS MADE MY DAY
That's a good boi! BOOP!
How sweet. Anyone know what kinda dog they are?
I’m not crying, you’re crying
even dog can appreciate such care
Here I am being gloomy at work till I saw this happy pupper.
Omg hey little buddy
Did not upvote, did not think he was happy enough
I think my heart is going to explode! ❤
I'm not crying, you're crying
He’s so happy!! 😭
Won't his limbs be rubbed raw and sore though? Do they make something to help with that?
Anyone know what kind of dog this is?
Ok stupid question. Assuming the dog was born without legs (which could be false), how does it even grasp the concept of prosthetic legs? Even if it lost its legs to an injury, I’m surprised it’s able to tie 2 and 2 together to see that these things are helping him walk.  Dogs are so smart I love them so much.
Forrest Pup: Lieutenant Dog! You got new legs!
No one will be able to tell once he has on pants.
look at that tail go
I love this. And the way he comes and kisses the camera last.
Robopup.
The goodest of good doggos
u/vredditshare
The speed of the tail says it all
Thanks for making my day OP
It’s amazing how quickly he adapts!
I want them to put paws on them now :( more grip for the pupper
Kindness is courtesy of the superior mind.
Let’s not lie to ourselves, that good boy was that happy even with only two legs!
That was sooooooooooooooooooo cute luv it!
That dog is happy no matter what!
Dude, this totally made my day!!!...Or night.
Rapid fire tail!
This is perfect for /r/specialaww!
Omg he looks just like my good boy
Impressive!

I can't even keep my dog's booties on when I take her out in the snow!
what a happy pup :)
He's not going to need P.T. at all; natural fit.
Mopping my molten heart off the floor rn...
They see me walking...
Wow. Game changer. Love it
Damn the leaps and bounds of technology are crazy.
aNiMalS dOnT hAvE eMoTiOnS
now that's kindness!
I'm not crying. You're crying...
Get that doggo to some grass!
Yes
My ears are bleeding now
Trying to imagine how it was able to live prior to having the prostheses... 😳 So good to see it with them though.
Its little things like this that restore my faith in humanity
The boop at the end
Now we know who’s a good boy... Look at that tail wag. *Melt*
Starting my day off right, thanks
Who hurt him >:(
Good boy!
Aw such a happy doggo
Waiting for the person that’s going to say put the dog out of its misery it only has 2 legs...
I havent cried in a while..

so precious
Fantastic!
I always love those excited looks up at you that dogs give, like 'you seeing this shit?!'
This video made my day ❤️
why u all just put his legs back lmao😂😂
The best Boi in the world
Cyborg dog!
cool shit homie
u/SaveThisVideo
😀 yay!!!!
Bbl crying for a while
Volume = 11
God damn I needed some positivity today. Thank you.
This dog's joyful energy is so pure. Thanks for sharing ❤.
That's so wholesome awww!! good doggo!! <3
Everybody liked this.
Wonderful
Wow
What is that “shaking” thing dogs do (at 00:31)?  My little guy does that sometimes before we go for a walk, so I always associate it with him being happy.  But is there a name?  A reason?
Love this good boy!!!

Just a friendly reminder....for anyone who believes shelter dogs are "damaged beyond repair" or wonders why shelter dogs are so distressed...did you hear that high pitched constant barking? Well, multiply it by 10 or 20 or 50 and play it on a 24/7 loop. That is the life of a shelter dog on top of being confused (and possibly heartbroken) about how they ended up at the shelter in the first place. After a couple weeks or months of decompression in a new, stable home and maybe a little training if necessary almost all shelter can become wonderful well adjusted pets!
Beautiful
Most humans are garbage. But it’s nice to see that some actually do care and help animals in need.
in a slightly denser atmosphere with a slightly lower gravity this tail would create enough lift to allow this dog take off
i can felt the love
Im sad i didnt use my award on this
This is a post-dog as for post-humanism but I don't know the word to describe the condition of being a dog, sorry, English is not my native language
So big 😍
Amazing!
I'd name this dog Lt. Dan, and everytime I come home I'd say "Lt. Dan! You got new legs!" Than he'd get pets.
Dog: I never asked for this... but now I can go on walkies, so thanks!
I'm crying
I mlm love the smile on that pops face before hes even walking. He knows what's up
Heartwarming
Dogs give me the ability to deal with humans
So cute
You can tell there’s a small dog in the background because of all the noise
This. This is one of those things that makes me see hope in this world.
Oh my goodness I am so happy for him!!!!
put a fucking loud tag on this shit, thx
Love this!!!
u/savethisvideo
Faith in humanity restored.
It makes me so happy that we as people are empathetic enough to put money into research and development of things such as this to improve the life of a beautiful animal :')
I would totally donate my limbs to a dog in need of prostheses when I die.
The besteat boi
Good lord. Maybe get this good boi on some grass instead of a hard, slick tile floor? LET THE BOI RUNNNN!!
Lieutenant Dan you got new legs.
I'm simple man.
I see a good boy/girl, I upvote.
I was wearing earbuds and that broke my ears
Good boy!
I love dogs so much.
I wasted my wholesome award earlier☹️. Sooo cute 🥰
Damn
This made me smile
/u/louisecatherine85
Dogs are too pure.
I’d like to think that the little doggies barking at him are like “yay, way to go friend!”
Ooh the feels this really touched me. He looks super happy with his new legs.
Dogs with prosthetics limbs or wheelchairs make my heart so happy. Seeing them thrive through their disability or injury is so great.
M so happy m gonna eat the camera xD
Giv me dattt
He knows he’ll be able to walk, run, etc.! He’s so happy!! And I’m happy for him too😊
The dogs like holy shit I can walk.
And then just put the gas in his trunk
Enjoy your new magic legs!!!
Awwww
Especially after the cowboy takes off his glasses...
It's crazy how dry the air is these days, messing with my eyes big time
I love this
That looks like a Malinois mix. My Malinois mix just passed at 14.5 years. Great dogs.
♥
What a good boi
Reminds me of Bambi when he learns how to walk.
😭😭😭😭such a good boi!!
That's awesome, but would a harness not be more comfortable.
It's amazing, put a  prostheses on a dog and within seconds it's running and jumping, put one on a human and it's months of rehab and phantom leg syndrome.
Good god this is wonderful.
Now this is epicly epic
I’m not too sure how pet prosthetics work, do they always keep it on? Or is it usually when they just go out for walks and such?
This made my heart melt 🥺❤️
Wow! He is so appreciative!!!! The post makes me happy. We can learn so much from dogs!
Dogs are just so freaking grateful. They can have a terrible beginning or whatever but they still give so much love no matter what. I just love them.
Well, I’m crying 😢💖
Cyborg doggo!! I love him!
That damn speck in my eye
"I love you, and I love you, and you, and the camera!"
Put some knifes on them
That’s definitely some strain off his back
What a good boy.
His tail was wagging so fast that we almost can't see it lol
The part where he ran for the cameraman earned my upvote 100%
*He don't care! He just wanted a new pair!*
Wonderful
So wonderful to use our tech for good of other species - his joy is infectious!
Holy shit
I'm not crying, you are
Other dogs are happy for him too
u/savethisvideo
That's awesome. OTOH, my dog acts like that when I take her collar off. And when I put it on. Some dogs are just happy to begin with. I get the feeling this is a happy dog no matter what.

BUT...it can get around better now!
Those need some grippy pads on the bottom
I wonder... if a dog is a natural chewer, would they try to chew on their prostheses, or would they realize "Hey, I need these to walk properly," and avoid doing that?
r/prosthetictippytaps
The dog is awesome!! God love him. Glad he can get around!!
How about filming this in a quiet room? Where no other dogs are around.
u/getvideobot
What a good boy!
Tippy taps on prosteses is cloppy clops! Happy cloppy clops!
“My legs!! I have been looking everywhere for these! Thank you!!!”
Who is cutting so many onions?
u/SaveThisVIdeo
What a cutiee
thank you for making me cry at 9am
I had a dog that was missing a part of her paw, this reminded me of her <3
That tail could power a small town
love it when cyborggo does an excite
Wholesome!!!
Guess whose getting kisses? Starts with an E ends with 1....every1!!!
You’re crying. I’m not crying
u/savethisvideo
Dogs are the best people.
This does put a smile on my face
This is an oldie but a goodie. Love this video so much
 This made my day a bit better... just awesome.
He’s going places.
My heart & mind really needed this today 💚
That is the sweetest thing I have seen today! Having a bad start to the day and this definitely put a huge smile on my face!
I know this gets reposted on almost a weekly basis, but it's usually only a 10-15 second video. I appreciate that this version showed more of the dogs reaction.
Wow I don't know if he had them on before but he adapted quickly to his new legs :o
Excitable boy, they all said..
😍😍😍😍
Everyone: AWWW
Me: also aww’ing, but equally fascinated that the plural of prosthetic is prostheses
Big ol man tears coming down right now. If this doesn’t move you in some way, you have no soul.
Robo-pup
u/blueivy42 awweee dis looks kinda like your bb
I knew exactly what video this was. Watched it anyway. I will never bot watch this video when its posted
Bro... 🥺
Mods put a loud warning on this holy shit. My eardrums nearly broke from the first bark
I always wonder why they dont make prosthetics  springy like real legs. It seems logical that a hard yet slightly springing material would be more gentle on the body like muscles would give way just a tad.
Anakin skydog is very happy
whew alright!! well!! crying in public is always a neat move 😎😎
Awarders !!!....Assemble.
Ok but don’t turn on sound.
He’s so happy!
It’s things like this that restore my faith in humanity
My cold dead heart just thawed 😍
We don't deserve dogs
I sure deserve a lick.
I would name him Rex the Robodog
Aww I love this!
That dog has better healthcare than me.
Those look slightly big on him
Love it    Best thing I’ve seen today
I'm not crying, you're crying
I dunno It looks like he's just a happy boi anyway!
super cute but mute the video, you can thank me later
I'm not crying, you're crying!
This is awesome.
The Goodest of Bois!
Bro I was watching this at work and the sounds on full blast smh
How gorgeous is that 😍
This post was made by a bot (check karma score).

Downvote and block.
This is the pick me up I needed. Thank you.
Omg my heart
"I didn't know if it was day or night.
I started kissing everything in sight".

This made me happy too!
Aaaaaaawwwwwwwww
And YOU get a kiss, and YOU get a kiss, and YOU get a kiss...
Is that a gsd?
Oh my ❤️❤️❤️
I DON'T NEED TO BE CRYING RIGHT NOW GFUDHG 😭😭
I'm not crying...
Awwwwwwwwwwww
u/eevtaylor
Omg! Look at the cute baby! Happy little doggo doing a great job 💖
❤️
His tail express his happiness
thats awsome
i wish i was that cheerful when i got hurt
Well this is the best thing I've ever seen.
A cat would have looked at his legs to see his new feet. This dog clearly had prosthetics at some point and is just like, "Damn these human things and their technology. So awesome. Licks all round.!".
This is Awesome, it needs Rubber feet though. And a bit of flex to the plastic legs
great angels deserve opportunities
Ok pup wholesome video over give me back the limbs. When it comes to affording these bad boys, you don't have a leg to stand on.
AAAAAH TOO CUTE IM MELTING
A gift from hooman that doggo will never forget
I’m 100% sure he isn’t happy about the prosthetics he would be acting the same regardless. He’s just happy with being with his owners
❤️
I am crying!😭
Wow that made me feel good
I’d like to think that the other dogs who where barking where cheering him on
That boop to the camera <3
And this is why I mod prosthetics into RimWorld.
Dogs: we don't deserve them
Awww so wonderful!! God bless you all for your incredible work
u/SaveThisVideo
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️ This made my day
OMG so sweet 🥰
"Oh my god I can walk again! That ritual actually worked!"
If he loses one of them, now it’s only a big deal in a different way.
Omg that smile says it all. Such a darling!
Slippery arms
You got new legs lieutenant dan
Awwh he's so happy with his new legs ;o; must've been sad when he lost them but I'm glad he's now happy with his new legs
Awwww. Happy tears.
That run up to the camera made my day.
New legs, who dis?
I needed this smile today.
I wonder what the dog makes of all this. 

“Cool, they found my legs!”

“I didn’t even know my legs were detachable!”

“I wonder why they took my legs...”
I actaully have a 3 legged cat im really curious if i could get him a prostetic leg/arm.
I love how he runs up and happily snarfs the camera too.
If I had any money to buy awards, id buy like 60 and give all of them to this video. I love it
That's dope.
I love it
This dog is a whole new meaning of happiness
Awwww....poor guy.....so cute.
pls add "loud" tag
He deserves all the happiness in the world 🥺
This made my day
In all isn't moving freely
Fantastic
I just want to go home and hug my puppy
This is the reason I come to reddit.
Did anyone else think for a split second that the dude helping the dog had an arm coming out of his head!?!?
just when you thought you saw all the vids on the interwebz, here's another sweet one!
Them tippy taps ..... so adorable
We don’t deserve dogs
Wow!!!
Yeah, you have it on my model 3.
Now how about taking the dog somewhere else where the floor isn't tile/slippery?!
We really and truly do not deserve dogs 😢🐶
Such a happy puppers!!!
Attach a turbine to that tail and we’d solve the energy crisis.
Walk by Foo Fighters plays in the background
He even kissed me for watching! I’m CRYING
This restores my faith in humanity
That is adorable
Look at that tail gooo
I don't know how... but I felt that final 'boop'
What is this dog bro?

I mean what race or whatever

Hes legit identical to my goodboi, just longer
Aww, heartwarming. He wanted to kiss and hug everyone
Only in asia would they think it's ok to chop off a dog's leg, in america that will turn you into public enemy 1.
He looks fresh, ready to go running 🥰
What a Good boy aww
Made my day
Crying
Such a good pupperino
Why not bigger
That's wholesome as fuck
He looks like a newborn deer. Adorable
Good happy boi!
Where can I get a dog with a face that sweet?
This got me right in the feels
look at that tail, what a sweet boy
we don't deserve dogs
YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES!!!
Seems like they need more hard rubber on them with soft rubber inlays
"GUYS! GUYS! I CAN DO THE ZOOMS!"

This is absolutely precious.
Yay!!!! Happy frog 🐸
such a happy fella 🥺
Omg I love seeing this stuff!!!!
this makes me so happy🥺
Paw-steses
u/savethisvideo
My puppy is like that every time I come home. Ears go back, whole body becomes a wag, and he does this weird hop everywhere like he's a rabbit.
What’s her name?
Fantastic :)
Now add a second tail for extra happiness.
my parents don't want a dog but we haven't had an actual pet before so I'm sad
Love it
I am not crying, you are!
That makes me want to cry awww..
I saw this on r/peoplefuckingdie last year
I wish more people would do things like this for animals.
Awww this made me teary
Yo that’s so cool!
Every single time I see this, I get teary eyed. Good sweet boy!
I imagine all the other dogs are going "Yay! So cool! I'm so happy for you!"
I said I wasn't going to cry today. Label me a liar.
This brings me so much joy.
They really need to put something on prosthesis beacuse it makes noise and its hard to run on floor like that for dog
I love it.
I'm not crying.  .  .yes I am 😊
Prosthesis? I think you mean pawthesis.
Nice. Good way to end the internet for tonight. See you again tomorrow folks!
Put this on YouTube, get monetized
But that’s not him barking.  It’s in the background.
this is amazing:)
u/savethisvideo
Love thisss
Aww, that brought tears to my eyes.
☺️☺️☺️☺️
Happy shakes
Repost but ok
This sprouted pure happiness in me tonight, ❤️😊
God bless that dogs beautiful soul!!!
I was having a rough day and I needed this ❤️ doggos are so pure
I couldn't stop smiling. My cheeks are hurting.
My cheeks hurt a bit from smiling.
https://www.soidog.org/
Absolutely amazing organization.   If youre looking for a charity to throw all your pesky money to... check it out
u/savethisvideo
[deleted]
This made me smile <3
Dogs deserve to be spoilt beyond their wildest dreams
u/savethisvideo
This made me so happy.
This made me happy cry
The licks of gratitude and the turbo wag brought some moisture to my eye holes 🥺
I want that dog so badly
what a cutie😭♥️
Fills my heart with happiness
u/savethisvideo
u/savethisvideo
u/SaveVideo
nice [***https://petcare4all.com/dogs/can-dogs-eat-applesauce/***](https://petcare4all.com/dogs/can-dogs-eat-applesauce/)
I love to use dogs very much :D
That's awesome. We need more dogs and less people in the world.
Genuine question: How happy is he really about his new legs?

Like doggos ain’t as smart as humans, and they don’t have as complex emotions. Would it be possible that he was perfectly happy before and now he just moves in a different way, while being as excited as he has always been because he’s receiving attention from many people in the room?

Or does he understand the implications of being able to run again and displace himself with such doggo grace and his happy about it?
Ugh yappy one in the background
I am more of a cat person, but WOW this is adorable, and I thought dogs were kinda meh.
Panting + ears back = nervous anxiety, not happiness
[deleted]
Please stop deliberately hurting animals, or at least admit that it’s a problem.
[removed]
Seemed like it smashed the camera 😎😂🤪🐕
When is it my turn to repost this lovely wholesome dog moment that melts my heart everytime I see it?


Downvoted
