We don't sexualize anything here in /r/aww.  Men, women, children, or animals.  Comments locked because nobody can handle that.
Meanwhile, my dog will get in ANYONES car. He did a run away once and all I had to do was open my car door and he jumped in. A little while later he did another run away and another person did the same thing and he got in. Luckily I saw him and told the guy he was mine and he jumped out and back in my car. He really likes car rides. And doing run aways.
Well done, sir...with the rescue of a great dog and your patience to help him adapt to his great, new world
"Okay I'll get in. I can't watch my bud make a fool of himself any longer." *easily sproings into truck*
In the words of Matthew McConaughey, "If I'm gonna do this, I'm gonna need to take my shirt off first"

Edit: words
My rescued German Shepherd didn’t know how to play after being removed from an abusive home.

It took a whole year of me grabbing dog toys by the mouth, on all fours and flinging them around wildly but she finally learned how to play! I nearly cried when she dropped her toy at my feet to play with her. 

Anyway, patience is key! Good boy, Dudeson!
I’m a dudeson, he’s a dudeson, she’s a dudeson, we’re all dudesons yea!
I fucking live for the hype dog owners have when their best friends learn something new like this.
And here is the human, in his natural environment, trying to coax his best friend into jumping into his mobile vehicle. It is in this moment that the human discovers what he suspected all along: that his puppers is, indeed, a good boy.

>figured out he’s a visual learner

Was this after explaining it logically to him?
That’s a good boy
Son of the Dude is a very good boy.
[removed]
Maybe the dog got left on a ride and is scared it will happen again. I love dog super smart especially mutts
I crawled through my dog door for 3 days thinking my rescue dane didn't get it. She would always wait for me to let her out through the sliding door. The first day I left to go to work, I pulled away as she ran out to the yard to watch me leave. 

I like to think she spent her first 3 days laughing at me trying to wiggle through the flap!
[deleted]
my rescue had difficulty getting into my
truck. Turns out had back leg issues. Vet check might be a good idea as well
[removed]
I love your genuine excitement when you succeed! Can already tell you’ll have some kinda special relationship.
[removed]
Well done - I took a similar approach with my pup. Helped him feel more comfortable inside his crate by getting in it myself and with lots of good boys and treats. Now he loves it!
[removed]
Give him plenty of loves and hugs for me!
Whaaaat a good boy! So damn wholesome
He fully /r/petthedamndog
[removed]
[removed]
No one ever praises me like that when I jump in their car.
[removed]
This is a little off topic. But what kind of pants are those lol. They look comfortable.
Dude son is the perfect name for a dog belonging to you
Good luck making him go pee and poop outside lol
Yo check it out I trained my owner to get in the car
This is exactly how my grandfather had to teach his dachshund how to go down stairs. She learned though
Oh my goodness, that is the happiness I needed to see today, thank you!
Awesome! When I rescued my dog he didn’t like to be touched at all, so I would sleep next to him and put one finger on his back so he would get used to it.  Now he has to touch me when he’s sleeping.
Just reading a few of the many comments here. It makes me laugh. Man wait till your dog discoveres how to use keys and just take himself for a walk/drive 😂
Mimicking is def a way to train! Dogs often want to copy you and "do and I do" is def a thing you can do to teach them.
What a good dad!
This made my day!!!
Good human.
Her hips look weak. Just an observation I’m no expert.
Awesome that you figured it out and had the patience and open mindedness to do so.
Dudeson is a most excellent name for this doggo
He has you trained well.
Has anyone else crawled through dog doors to teach their dog how to go through?
Lemme just pop my shirt off real quick
Thanks for being caring and patient with him :)

Also, that's a stellar name
People out there who rescue dogs I want to say thank you for the great thing you do ❤
I love how you even used your shirt as a tail.
This is so sweet!! You two are lucky to have found each other!! 

 On a seperate note, I love that Im not the only crazy person who thinks of stuff like this- 

 My (now 7yr old) cat was found in 2013 when he was a couple weeks old in a car engine, and was so confused at the litter box, ( as he was young enough to still need eyedropper feeding  at 2hr intervals and would "go" in his sleep, )  
so when it came time I had to place him in a small pan of litter mid bathroom time, and take his little paws and show him to scoop over  his messes. (He learned quick, only had to do it 2x before he caught on).

  Good on you for really being the type of person your pet thinks you are. <3
"Dudeson" that's genius! Not certain if you named him that but it's perfect for a man's best friend and only child.
You can see the moment he gets it the second time you show him.
I taught my cat to open doors in a similar way. I wish I hadn't now, I had to change all the interior door handles to round ones to stop him randomly opening doors at 3am. 🤦‍♂️
Meanwhile, my brother stuck stuck his head out the car window to show my first dog how to dog, and just got a “wtf is wrong with you” Look from the dog
Aww the dumbass things we do for our dogs. No shame, no shame at all :D
Awe what a good doggo!  I wanna give this an award but I don’t have a free one and am too cheap to spend the money on awards Lmao
Reminds me of how I taught my puppy how to jump up onto my bed!
Who's a good boy Dudeson, you are!
That’s awesome! My dog often just puts her paws up and expects me to lift her the rest of the way in. She is a big dog, totally able to jump, just occasionally lazy.
Omg, this is so cute, ...he loves his dog.
If he’s Dudeson... are you the Dude?
looks like he has hip pain and doesn't like the jump. My dog is the same way and its only gotten worse with age, at this point I lift her ass while she jumps.
The comment are a cesspool, turn back.
He's such a good boy for staying put and watching you too! My dog would instantly be right there with his nose in my ass.
I'ma make this cute video with my dog but i think I'll just pop this shirt off real quick.
Yea this is wholesome, but my dude is RIPPED.
That arm squeeze "hell yeah" looking attitude after he jumped in, is such a good feeling. Learning a new dog, their personality, their quirks, their attitude. It's hard work! Way to go!
I love this but i cant get over the name d u d e s o n.
Or just put a treat in the backseat
I needs this every day until 45 leaves
Dudeson deserves a snack and I think you’ll do just fine.
Its hilarious how many comments are taking about how hot the guy is and all their upvotes. When if there was this much objectification of a female post the resdit sjw would be up in arms. Guess it doesnt matter if youre a guy
I see you’ve managed to get your shirt off.
I like how he uaed his shirt as a tail.
“I’m gonna film this-hang on let me take off my shirt”
you're very physically attractive, just saying.
r/upvotebecauseboy
Now is that "dood-sun", or 'dudd-eh-sun"?
>Going to post on Reddit, better remove my shirt.
Too cool! 👍🏼👍🏼
I'm going to have to give this a shot with my dog. Currently he launches himself like a SCUD missile at the door opening with no concern for location or safety.
I love how’s he’s happier than the doggie is
I found out my cat is a visual learner too! He picked up on “shake” after watching the dog get treats for doing tricks lol
Nice!!!, but good luck with the potty training!!!(please don't post that)
Meanwhile, my dog reacted very predictably to your emphatic "good boy"s. Praising not just one, but two good boys this day
Like how you had to do it shirtless.  If you got it flaunt it
Woof
That was impressive!
Anyone else see the Moai face in the folds of the dude’s shirt towards the end of the video?
LOL!   You sir are the best!!!
The "are you not entertained!?" pose at the end.
[removed]
[removed]
You can see the exact point where it clicked for him
I love your bro-no-way face. +5 wholesome
TIL women on Reddit are almost as thirsty as men. To be fair, that guy is a friggin snack tho.
You are both so sweet.  Made my day.  Have a great time together with your new buddy.
Thanks for being there and helping him to make sure he got in. 

I would guess he tried one time and didn’t make the jump and it scared him.
[removed]
There’s a video of a guy who wanted to have his shirt off and used his dog as an excuse.
See you managed to get your shirt off.
Truckdog!! This was the same with my Jethro. Now hes figured it out and being truckdog is his favorite thing in the whole world !
That pup is gonna have a great life. Sir you are kind and we need more of you in this world. Enjoy your lives together.
Wow, thank you for sharing! I recently rescued a cattle dog who also fears getting in the truck. I’ll have to try this!
I love how proud of Dudeson that OP is! Wholesome af
Dog bro for sure. Good job !
Yes! He did it! XD So cute
Wow your coyote is super mellow
Dudeson is the best name
OP. Pass your genes
You are an excellent teacher and an even better humin. I hope you both get all you want out of your new partnership.
Tell your dog that I love him
i love the excitement after he jumped in
You should get Dudeson a ramp to make that easier.
I’d get in your truck. Even if it was a van with blacked out windows.
That was awesome dude. Kudos on the rescue and helping overcome his issues! Hope you guys have many, many long years together full of fun and love!
Glad you rescued Dudeson and figured out a way to teach him something new. It's clear to see he wants to learn!

Seeing you jump into the car is hilarious and heartwarming. Because you are going so far to teach him.
Use the expression, "Load Up" to separate it from other commands.
I want to see a dog door video next.
Way to go, both of you boys! (Also, you are nice to look at, sir.)
Your dog is precious! 

Try using positive reinforcement when he gets in the car to help him conquer that fear. Overall 10/10 good boy!
You are freaking brilliant. You have figured out and mastered “modeling”, also known as “allo preening” (birds, specially captive parrots use this a LOT, but the basic courtesy, respect and willingness to be tamed and tame? That’s the true thread, Monsieur!) Le Wow to both of you!
/r/MadeMeSmile
You are my new spirit-guide!!!
First thought: Doggo would fit well within Tarrey Town
Haha heck yeah! What ever it takes! Love it man!
Awwww hell yeah you were so proud man hahaha what a good dog
This makes my heart happy
Thank you for adopting this sweet dog.

And thank you for letting me know that I'm not the only one who demonstrates the "how to" to their dog.

I like your reaction when he finally got into your truck, the "Yes!" moment
And that is how u smoothly kidnap a dog
Does he have any back, knee or hip problems? That jump looked a bit uncoordinated. Maybe do a quick “knuckle” test on the back legs by flipping the paw back so their knuckles are facing down. A heathy dog should immediately flip their foot back into the right position.
Son of Dude
I'd be a little less skeptical if you had a shirt on
At first I was thinking you posted this just to show off.

Then I saw you jump into your truck and changed my mind.
Looking solid bro 👀

No homo but I might have 20 bucks👀😂
White tacoma, 16 or 17in bronze wheels, 265/75/r16 or 17 AT tires, and dog out in nature. I like your style sir. Take an upvote
This is the Chad energy I want to see in 2020
GODDAMN I’m in love. 😍 and I’m a straight man. This shit is wholesome as fuck.
“Dudeson” lmao

Well done, man, props to you
Awe your excited face is adorable!!! 😇 and so is that puppy!!
I love how proud of him you are when he does it.
Listen here bucko, put that damn shirt back on! Making us dadbod dudes self conscious, you should be ashamed of yourself.

Nice Tacoma BTW
May I show you how good I can be at jumping I to the back of your truck?
That is amazing.   A dog jumping into a truck.  I never thought I'd see it but here we are.   I wonder what else the future holds.
Such a cute pup
This made me very happy.
What a champion
This made my entire day. Thanks, boys!
Ok that was heartwarming
So wholesome!
This. This does put a smile on my face.
Had the same type of training with my puppy about going up the stairs.

Slowly and surely showed him how to go up and down, and now there is no stopping him from running up and down whenever he wants.
Nice doggo and nice Tacoma!
Give him all the head scritches
Good job Dudeson!
Here's a follow
S U C C E S S ! !
And I now choke up even at the sight of a Schnoodle post, before reading it. Damn it.
This melted my heart! I hope you enjoy your new fur baby! I can only imagine how happy and loved he is now!
Gotta love a guy willing to be goofy for his dog. Excellent work.
I knew what was going to happen but was still super excited for you when it did!

Great job man
glad you don‘t hurt your back whilst jumping in the car.
you‘re doing a great job.
Thank you for saving this beautiful boy may you have many happy adventures together
Please show us the video of you throwing the ball and chasing it when you're teaching him how to fetch😂
I had to do the same for my dog I rescued as well. I also use the phase “load up” which now she jumps in when she hears it.
I had to do the same for my dog I rescued as well. I also use the phase “load up” which now she jumps in when she hears it.
Is it really a smart idea or be half naked in the wind tho
I’m wondering what people would think if they saw you without context.
I’m wondering what people would think if they saw you without context.
dog wasnt even watching you lol
You are wonderful! Gotta demonstrate getting out though not backwards
I'm going to have to give this a shot with my dog. Currently he launches himself like a SCUD missile at the door opening with no concern for location or safety.
/r/whatswrongwithmyhuman
I'm going to have to give this a shot with my dog. Currently he launches himself like a SCUD missile at the door opening with no concern for location or safety.
I'm going to have to give this a shot with my dog. Currently he launches himself like a SCUD missile at the door opening with no concern for location or safety.
Dudeson is definetly a good boy 12/10
Dudeson is definetly a good boy 12/10
The dog is nice too!
No shirt = "hot guy with dog updoots" every time lol
The dog is nice too.
That is awesome!
I'm going to have to give this a shot with my dog. Currently he launches himself like a SCUD missile at the door opening with no concern for location or safety.
That is awesome!
That is awesome!
No shirt = "hot guy with dog updoots" every time lol
They actually excitement in your face was priceless . Thank you for sharing
Thank you for adopting this sweet dog.

And thank you for letting me know that I'm not the only one who demonstrates the "how to" to their dog.

I like your reaction when he finally got into your truck, the "Yes!" moment
Sweet encouragement
Thank you for adopting this sweet dog.

And thank you for letting me know that I'm not the only one who demonstrates the "how to" to their dog.

I like your reaction when he finally got into your truck, the "Yes!" moment
Truckdog!! This was the same with my Jethro. Now hes figured it out and being truckdog is his favorite thing in the whole world !
It’s amazing how humans react the same when successfully getting a baby or pet to learn a trick. So empowering and fulfilling!
It’s amazing how humans react the same when successfully getting a baby or pet to learn a trick. So empowering and fulfilling!
It’s amazing how humans react the same when successfully getting a baby or pet to learn a trick. So empowering and fulfilling!
My dog could jump up on that seat and she could also comfortably walk under your car. It's insane how high dogs can jump.
My dog could jump up on that seat and she could also comfortably walk under your car. It's insane how high dogs can jump.
How ya doin.
The stuff we do for pets❤️
Dudeson.. What a great name.
The stuff we do for pets❤️
How ya doin.
Does he have any back, knee or hip problems? That jump looked a bit uncoordinated. Maybe do a quick “knuckle” test on the back legs by flipping the paw back so their knuckles are facing down. A heathy dog should immediately flip their foot back into the right position.
Does he have any back, knee or hip problems? That jump looked a bit uncoordinated. Maybe do a quick “knuckle” test on the back legs by flipping the paw back so their knuckles are facing down. A heathy dog should immediately flip their foot back into the right position.
Does he have any back, knee or hip problems? That jump looked a bit uncoordinated. Maybe do a quick “knuckle” test on the back legs by flipping the paw back so their knuckles are facing down. A heathy dog should immediately flip their foot back into the right position.
Dudeson! We’ve god dudeson here! See? No one cares.  

(That’s a filthy lie)
Awe your excited face is adorable!!! 😇 and so is that puppy!!
I have a feeling this friendship is going to last forever.
Next he’ll be asking to drive!
Next he’ll be wanting to drive!
That was adorably sweet!!
Is this West Texas?
Nice job! My dog used to hate car rides, I would have to pick him up put him in the car, then hold his paw with my free hand. Now if I don't give him a car ride everyday when I let him out, he stands by the car and glares at me.  [Link for pics.](https://imgur.com/gallery/BI2m0eR) One time I noticed he wasn't in the backyard and went to the front and there he was in the passenger seat of a utility guy's truck getting milkbones. I then had to have *the talk* about stranger danger, but I don't think he cared, he hopped in the wheelchair transport van that was taking my mom not too long ago. Wish I had pics of those two incidents.
This is so sweet! You guys are lucky to have each other.
Hellooooooo
Best boy for the best owner! Good job!
I know that this video is adorable and all, but I just can't get out of my head the dog's name is Dudeson.
Great name for the dog!
You named him... dudeson. That is just the fuckin perfect name I gotta be honest
Want to teach my german shepherd to get in my tiny suv? He makes me lift his back end in.
Quick question, is the dog partially deaf?  I had a poodle when I was growing up that wouldn’t understand commands but visual cues like that and we had no idea why, until we asked the vet about it and turned out she was partially deaf from something before we had rescued her.
Your shirt looked like a face at the end.
Way to go!
The mad lads done it
Patiently waiting for the housebreaking video
So awesome, no doubt he'll be driving soon!
When are you gonna get Dudedaughter?
Dogs thoughts "well if yer gunna be that daft about it then fine"
It never gets old seeing a proud papa! Way to be man, good thinking!
I feel like this is the setup for OP to honeydick us into buying a product or service.
We both had the same reaction lol
Right on, dudeson. Now he can stick his head out the window like dogs do.
Two absolute chads! A Dude and his Dudeson
Good doggo.
Reddit really fucked up their video playback GUI on the old style on Firefox...
Now that’s love!
Good job, Uncle Rico!
Love his name.  Congrats on your new furry dude!
Like a boss!
I don't want to see the video of this guy visually teaching the dog to poop outside.
I teared up a little on the inside.  That was a good feeling.
He’s a good teacher.
He's the best boy! So smart!
Name checks out. Definitely the son if a genuine dude now.
Thanks for making me smile. Thank you so much!
I’m going to try some visual teaching with my dog now
Both adorable.
The dog trained him well. He did it perfect.
Hahaha very cute! Definitely a good boy! This is how I taught my late doggo to climb stairs, my knees didn’t enjoy it too much lol
Awesome
Came for the dog, stayed for the abs
I can see your posture saying “GOOD BOOOOI!”
> :O ... You're a good boy!
Nice!
This melted my heart thank you
It could be his hips. Get him checked out at the Vet.
This is so adorable <3
Thats a VERY good boy.
Reminds me of a dog I had once that loved getting in cars so much that more than once when he got out of the yard (when someone was going through the gate) he would jump in some random strangers car.
ain't nothin but a peanut
Little practice and that guy will do it as a good as the dog. I'm so happy that dog found himself a nice human.
Not sure whats cuter the dog or the guys enthousiasm towards his dogs success!!!
Love it.
I’ll get into the back of your truck
Dudeson is such a great name
Me. As a mom all the way.
Such growth! And uh how can I get absolutely cut like this guy?
“If dad’s getting into the big scary machine, it must be safe!”
Awwwww that's really nice :)
I have a puppy and can relate to that feeling of joy when they achieve something. Such an awesome feeling, what a great dog!
Step One... be hot.
Since the dog is no doubt shirtless, you had to take yours off too, of course.
All About Trust  ♥♥♥ ...
I thought my dog was the same way, he took weeks to even get in my car once...my dad has one of those trucks that has to have steps to even get into it, and my dog runs over to it and jumps in like it nothing
Such a good boy
I can see your very well trained!
WHO'S A GOOD BOY?!\~
Awww, look at the cutie hoping in the truck like a pro. What a lucky dog to have such a beautiful man.
This made me so happy. Dang chopping onions ❤️❤️❤️
I taught my brothers dog how to pee in the backyard using a similar method.
Great name!
Just curious my man, Dudeson show signs of separation anxiety when away from you? We just rescued an awesome dog, but he freaks out if we leave the room for more than 5 min
this guy abs
I bet that guy spent at least 20 minutes there
Your reaction was so wholesome 😊
Fake:everyone on reddit is a fat basement dweller. 

Gay: Toyota pickup.
I’m just here to see how many comments are going to ask about the shirtless dude.
Dude you’re hot and I’m a straight guy lol
Can I get rescued next, cuz damnnnnn
Damn I think I'm gay now
Not gonna lie, this was the cutest thing I’ve seen on Reddit in a lonnnnnggg time. What a great partnership you two have!
I love watching how much people do for their little fur friends.
My dog was being a butthead one day and refusing to get in my car so we could go home after a hike. I was going to be desperately late for something if we didn't get a move on, so I threw a handful of her treats in the back of the car so she'd jump in. HUGE mistake. Now she sits outside of the car just staring at me, no matter how much I cajole her, because she's waiting for a treat to get in. Flipping extortionist.
This is so wholesome lol
That’s a damn good pup.
That is a training technique called "do as I do"!! 

Fugazza and Adam Miklósi (from Eötvös Loránd University, Budapest, Hungary) has published a study comparing the effectiveness of do as i do vs clicker training and report that the Do As I Do technique is more effective for quickly teaching dogs a behavior that involves interacting with an object than Shaping/Clicker training. 

Plus, it is super fun to do. And to watch.
No, sir, you are a good boy!
This is the wholesome content I peruse Reddit homepage for. Well taught, sir.
There is a Finnish group of guys called The Dudesons (Duudsonit) who used to do Jackass/CKY style [stunts](https://youtu.be/NHxvRb75eZs). These days they do children's activity parks, wholesome Youtube videos and charity work.

Just wanted to let you know that your dog has an iconic name in Finland.
r/mademesmile
You look so happy together ❤
...this guy **fucks.**
Best but was when he told himself good boy
If you could show me how to jump into bed, that would be great. I’ve got the shirt off thing down, so no worries there
I love getting stoked for your dog when he over comes an obstacle. I push my dog to do that and his confidence is awesome. What a bond to have between someone and their dog!
Get him a ramp; it will help him and save wear and tear on his back. They don’t have to be expensive.
😎
You’re an awesome dog dad, but is it wrong that I giggled at this? 😂
That dog has him trained well.
We don’t deserve dogs.
That’s so awesome dude. Don’t ever take that bond for granted. That’s true trust.
The real aww moment for me was your excitement at helping him figure out the problem. He's got a good human friend.
Saving a dog and the abs aren’t bad ;)
I really enjoyed this.
Be honest... Did you post this to impress that girl from /r/xsmallgirls?
Awesome dog daddy!
This video and comment section gave me body image issues.
Your dog looks just like mine! What country is he/she from?
Come on boy get in the redneckmobile
After dog jumped into truck you sounded just like joe dirt
Just wanted to say thanks for being a wonderful human.
Adorable.....

Dog's cute too.
Aww clever puppy. Such a special feeling when you get to teach them new tricks. My clever rescue boy is 7 now, six very happy years together 🐶💜
The gooderest of bois
Doggie see, doggie doo.
You sir...are officially worthy of dog ownership.
Love the dog and the truck
love to see it
You’re a good dad.
I full expected him to just hop in the driver's seat and drive his human home
This gives me the will to live at least one more day
Now I am a visual learner as well!
Now give that good boy tons of treats and cuddles when you get home, all the while telling him he’s the best dog there is.
You were so proud of him!
r/mademesmile This is just heartwarming! ❤️
I miss these days
I can't explain how much I needed to see this awesomeness today.  Keep up the great work, Homie.
Dudeson is the epitome of dog names
Congratulations, you now speak dog. Add human words to make the translation complete! My dogs love learning this way.
Can't wait for Part Deuce:Potty Training
Hey man, you’re a stud! and what a handsome pup. Good for you.
Yota gang
This better not awaken anything in me
Bronze Method wheels? Nice
There is nothing better on earth than the love between a person and a dog 😊
Nice name for your dog!
Tarps off, truck, backwards by. You know this guy is a bro
Appreciate the love for the rescue! But odds are your little man has arthritis. 
Same for my collie that I rescued. 
Swimming helps for them, especially if you give them a jacket to float with!
"What'd he name you?"

"...Dudeson."

"..."

"I know."

"I feel for ya man"

"Well at least he does the cooking and cleaning and is easy on the eyes"
I didn’t even see the dog at first and thought the title made no sense lol
We need more stuff like this in today's world.
I feel like I would miss and fall to the ground embarrassed and hurt, traumatizing the dog
Awesomeness!❤️🐾👏🏻
Son of Dude is a very good boy
😍😍😍😍 sabes como subo jajajaj
Upvoting for his name!
Yessssss. Love the patience and the fucking creativity. #teachinginanutshell
Dawwww... Good boy. 

Wonder if he is deaf.  He seems to respond to your motions more than speaking.
Dood-sun?

Or Dud-es-on?
Well done thinking outside the box with your née rescue and congrats on your new family member. After fostering countless dogs myself it always warms my heart to see videos like this.
Good boy!! Good daddy too!
You two belong together.
ITT: incels crying about misandry
From one dudeson to another, cool
LOOOOOOL 😂😂😂😂😂
Is Dudeson the son of a dude?
Dont talk to me or my dude son ever again
I'm also a visual learner, kinda makes me wanna hop in your truck.
So many removed comments lmao
Dogs are such an amazing blessing from above 🙏🏻♥️
I'll get in his truck!
I so proud! Good boy!!  ❤️
Love the Tacoma!
That guys hot af
Nice taco
Good boooy.
I am as straight as It Gets, but this guy could give anybody an upvote.
nice post
Can you help train my golden retriever? Haha
Sweet bod
Both sexy and adorable.
So happy for the both of you.
Oh that a BIG SMILE inducer!
That is awesome
I wonder why all the comments are removed
If he’s a visual learner… I hope he’s already housebroken.
Legend.
r/likeus
Please rescue me too
I love the reaction at the end. Made me smile :)
Cute dog! Are those methods on your Tacoma?
Rock on, dudeson!
Awesome dog and training :)
Woof woof! 😍
Good boy! The dog too...
Oh...my...gosh. This is so cute! Glad he got over his fears. Great teacher too :)
I peed in my backyard when my dog was peeing inside the house. He never peed inside again, not sure out of understanding my thought process, or because I traumatized him with my ways.
Brilliant! Well done.
Im just a hole, sir
This is what it's like having a child. You have to demonstrate everything in over exaggerated explanations.
Ayyyyyy Taco gang! 👋🏾👋🏾 

Thanks for rescuing doggo! Love that he now has a forever home. 

Also, you’re cute! Probably not single but cute!
I loved watching the Dudesons when I was in college. A lot of their stunts were way crazier than Jackass. I learned some Finnish swear words from watching them too lol
A bit off topic, but whats up with that halo around the tree branches?
That man’s a great teacher.... I’m ready for my turn jumping in the back seat of his truck.
Dudeson abides
He’s a very good boy! You’re a great man! Bravo!
This is just the amount of wholesome I needed.
He’s pretty cute - the dog and the man!!!
Tacoma?
Lmao at doing it shirtless.
You guys are adorable
Hell yeah borther!!!
Already an amazing dog dad 🏅
If only schools could learn this
Your excitement for his achievment is heartwarming.
The love you give him afterward is so wholesome!
r/humansbeingbros good for the both of you, bro. I love this.
Dudeson is an awesome, awesome name. Thanks for the smile.
Date night “ Put on a shirt”
Nice, I was hoping you would not forget to give a good boy and pets for positive reinforcements so he knows he did good.

On an unrelated note, you’re fashion is sweet bro, do you mind if I ask what pants brand and sunglasses those are? Not to copy exactly but I do have trouble finding well-fitting pants for my body type and I also like the style of shades so if you wouldn’t mind I’m just curious
How's your wife feel about your awesome training skills?
Dudeson is kind of a badass name and I wish I’d thought of it.
Are you sure you "rescued" him?  He clearly has a harness as tag. Was there a place near by that he wandered from or do you just randomly carry a harness for such an occasion?
thank you for rescuing this beautiful dog!
Lol so cute
Well done my guy!!!
You’re a good dude OP. Dudeson has a good future I can see 🤘🏻
You get it 💕
Does anyone have any idea what type of dog that is? I rescued a dog that looks exactly like Dudeson and I have no idea what type of dog he is...
So cute 😍
flawless execution. beautiful.
My dog has no trouble jumping in the car.. it’s the staying in she has difficulty with. Jumped out while the car was in motion (<25 mph). We ordered a dog seat belt that day.
OMG
That's a beautiful dog.
That's adorable. I taught mine to get in by throwing treats inside haha. Now she loves cars and buses, cuz they mean we're going somewhere fun
Dudeson, son of dude.

Or

“Dudeson! We got Dudeson over here!!! See? Everybody cares....because he’s a good boy.”
This is adorable. I had to do the same thing to get my corgis to jump on the bed. They now know how to get in the bed but still sit at the side and wait for me to pick them up one by one
[removed]
[removed]
There is a dog in the video? 

Just kidding your pup is beautiful and I hope you have a long and amazing life together.
Does he have any back, knee or hip problems? That jump looked a bit uncoordinated. Maybe do a quick “knuckle” test on the back legs by flipping the paw back so their knuckles are facing down. A heathy dog should immediately flip their foot back into the right position.
Put a shirt on bro
No shirt = "hot guy with dog updoots" every time lol
I see 2 very good boys in this video

edit: Reddit is full of fucking nuts. I’m being downvoted for no reason.
Handsome dude being patient and training a super cute rescue dog?? Upvote immediately!
I love everything about this ❤
You are his hero!!!
I regret I have but one upvote to give.
This is adorable <3  He is a good boy!
I loved how you hopped in.❤️
Well done
Damn that’s a nice physique lol
14/10 dog parenting
Is he deaf?
My dog is the same way! I did this with my dog on how to get up on the bed and walk up stairs! Why are dogs so amazing 😭♥️♥️
Such a good boi
There was a dog in that video?
Upvoted Not Because Guy, But Because it is Very Cool, However I Concede I Clicked Because Guy.
Upvote for the Taco... from a fellow Taco owner.
Dogs are just better- cat owner would never experience this joy 😎
As a dude I wouldn’t mind if you rescued me.
Ugh. The fact you went above and beyond! 💕
What a cute boy!

The dog's alright too..
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
I just ovulated.
[removed]
[removed]
Awesome
[removed]
Why did he film this?
Awwww I love you.
That is how I taught my wife to get into the car.....
We’re going to need to see more shirtless dog training videos... for science
You’re both handsome!
Aka "reddit, look at me with no shirt on"
Did you have a shirt on before you started filming or did it just take quite a few jumps and you got a bit hot?
I see you’ve managed to get your shirt off.
Id jump in too
[deleted]
u/anordinarychic
You’re lucky to be fit, I can see myself facepalming against the seat if I was to try that 😅
As a heterosexual man: what a hunkcicle.
dog wasnt even watching you lol
I could use a lot more videos of you pretending to be a dog, thanks
The dog is nice too.
I guess I'm a visual learner too 👀
/u/gifreversingbot
[deleted]
I, um, I think we're gonna need some more training videos ^^^maybe^^^^please^^^^^dudeisreallyhot
I would also like to hop in your truck
It would NOT take so much work to get me into that truck.
This Chad is putting us to shame
The dog is nice too.
Nice owner. 😜
How ya doing.
Now can you teach him how to roll around in the mud? I mean...for a friend?
This post is on the front page of hot for more than one reason hahaha

Edit: In all seriousness, this is truly awesome and it seems like you're a great dog dad!
Can this guy marry me please?
I think you need to show us a few more times. Maybe ditch the pants? They look constrictive. 
😏😋😘
We get it you work out!
I am also a visual learner
Chad.
He must be related to my daughter
How ya doin.
How sweet💕 I could watch you all day though 😅😍
fuck me pls
He is hot. The dude looks good as well!
I reckon he knew all along how to get into the truck, and was just watching for the same reason I was repeatedly watching the video ;)
/u/gifreversingbot
[deleted]
Chad move tbh
Kinda wish I was a lost dog now. Gorgeous.
You're a good jumper.
Adopt me next please. <3
I'd get in your truck.
Attention hungry in every way one can be
Can you show us again and wear shorts this time.
I would hop in his back seat any day
I mean hot damn ... I'd obey him too >.>
I want a fucking dogU
I've never wanted tobe a dog more than I do right now
I could use a lot more videos of you pretending to be a dog, thanks.
Shirtless was awesome, but would have been better if the shirt was left in the truck and not tucked in the back pocket blocking the view.
I'd get in your truck.
He must be related to my daughter
What’s your insta? No reason.
OMG
OMG
Yes.
How ya doin.

Why can't I post?
Good work, you gotta praise your doggo whenever they comply.
Good work, you gotta praise your doggo whenever they comply.
Good work, you gotta praise your doggo whenever they comply.
u/savethisvideo
I reckon he knew all along how to get into the truck, and was just watching for the same reason I was repeatedly watching the video ;)
No shirt wearing pickup truck person. This can't be good. It was better than good.
Dyslexic dog, :-)
Very nice body.
Even have a tail for a more accurate example
Potty training is next!
I’ll do some tricks for you
I'm a visual learner.
I would get in your truck anytime
Check my Instagram ytrhode217
There’s a dog in the video ?
Um. I can get in your truck.
[removed]
Furry lol
Thank you for taking your shirt off for this educational video
I'd get in your truck.
I'd get in your truck.
I think he just wanted to see you do that, I enjoyed it .
Kinda wish I was a lost dog now. Gorgeous.
I'd get in the truck with you!
I'd get in the truck with you!
I could use a lot more videos of you pretending to be a dog, thanks.
Fuck, you're aggressively sexy.
