Man that smooshed ear... it’s so smooshed.
When you are five hours old and enjoy having a tongue.
Omgggg how cute. How is Mama Llama?
Llama yawn! 🥺🥺
My heart is melting, I thought my newborn lamb was the cutest thing, I was sorely mistaken

Edit: lamb tax

http://imgur.com/gallery/oazXki6

Edit 2: video of Napoleon the day after he was born <3
http://imgur.com/gallery/LMlK6dp
Cute. What do you guys have Llamas for?
That green blanket/coat thing she's wearing makes me think of Starbucks for some reason. She's a little llama latte.
Llamas aren’t born with teeth? Do they do the teething thing babies do?
It's animatronic you can't fool me
This is begging to be dubbed with "CAAAAAAAAARL!"
She's all neck!
They come out looking like they just roasted you with a sick burn.  I love it!
Well done Mamma Llama! Welcome to the world little one, have a superb life ❤️
[deleted]
I’m a grown ass man and I screamed at how cute that little muffin is.
She has no idea how mouths or ears work yet and she’s perfect.
The best thing I’ve seen all day. ❤️
That is the cutest animal ever
This is genuine r/aww material. Beautiful cutie pie!!
We've had Llama's for about 17 years now.   At one point we were up to 14 of them..

We're down to just a few right now and are looking for a new Male to start the population up again.  


Cria's are so cool, and I'm amazed how quickly they  get up walk around.
Ready for a nap 5 hours in. That’s my kinda guy.
Llama lashes are so pretty!
She must be protected at all costs!
I didn’t know llama lips could separate like that on the upper lip...
That’s a lotta llama.
Naww, it’s a it’s a mini giraffe
This will be reposted for years. You've created a karma farm.
That’s a baby llama in a blanket!
Oh what a gorgeous baby!!!!
Aaaaaaaaaaw llama.
Fun fact: baby llamas and alpacas are called crias!
"Hi. I'm new."
That's the cutest fucking thing I've seen in my life
Was she yawning or trying to talk?
Is it cold where you are or she needs a coat because she is a newborn?
Does she have a name?

Thank you for sharing!
I have never seen a baby llama and I am not disappointed
I love her, that is all
She sort of reminds me of my grandma. Lots of love.
Newborn llamas tend to move their mouth/tongue around a lot when they feel loved.  Similar to when a cat rubs up against you.
She is the spitting image of her mother.
Is she trying to make noise or is she yawning?
Obviously fake. Llamas aren't real.
She is more adorable now in her first hours than I have been in my entire life! As it should be. The entire planet is better for having her here.
Looks like a little old man.
She definitely looks older than 5 hours.
I love her.  And her ears.
Aww, llama face!
Eat your food Tina!
I just love her!
Her ears and eyelashes are everything.
Anyone else have an overwhelming desire to give this baby a bottle?
[deleted]
omg that yawn
Looks like an elite from halo with that lip action 😂
I didn't know llamas had split upper lips :o
That just looks like an animatronic. And a bad one. Incredible.
Still booting up. Updates in progress.
Her facial expressions remind me of when you’re operating a car or piece of equipment for the first time and test out all the controls to see what goes to what.
Looks relaxed. Llamaste.
Oh my goodness
It occurs to me that furry baby animals are so freaking adorable, but baby humans are meh. Peoples baby pictures get so tiresome, unless you’re invested in the baby.
Okay, I need someone to say something incredibly toxic to me....I'm suffering from good feels overdose and need antidote.
It took threes for my son to start holding his own head up barely nvr mind looking super cute lol
Does a baby Llama call its mama, Mama Lalama or Llama Mama? Gosh darn it baby llamas are as cute as baby goats, lambs and puppies.
u/savethisvideo
Caaaarrrrlllll
Welcome to the world, little one!
Those wittle ears!
That’s literally the cutest fucking thing I’ve ever seen and I have children 😂
Yes, this is adorable. But, I would hate to be reincarnated as a Llama.
It’s so exhausting being a baby llama! I love her.
Come here Tina eat the damn food Gosh!
More baby llama vids please
Welcome aboard lil llama!
So cute at  birth!
Happy birthday, little one!
Llama just say, it’s freaking cute.
Five hours old and already looks cooler in a jacket than I do.  FML.
Such a cute cria!!!
5 hours old and it already knows how to llama
Bro, what's up with your cat it be looking cute.
That is clearly an animatronic muppet.
I’ve never seen a llama without teeth. How is it both adorable AND horrifying?...
My goodness, so precious so small, I love her, please keep updates? 🥺♥️
Just learnin to llama.
Nice llama
Mamas are the best! We have a teacher who loves llamas. And since it’s so trendy it’s fun to stock up on appreciation happies to brighten her day.

Edit: lamas lol! But leaving it
She's beautiful.  Thanks for sharing.  🤗
I have decided I want a baby Llama
Me after the dentists
Her coloring is fabulous.
That’s a weird dog
I have never in my life wanted to pet something so bad
I love her
She looks like a puppet! A cute little puppet!!
Reminds me of a drunk person who is begging me to stop at Denny's for french toast.
She looks animatronic, like she's adorable but look at those ears
Thank you, all was right in the world while watching this, over and over
Welcome to the world little lady!
From observing her chilled nature, It's apparent you've not informed baby Llama about 2020.
The crooked ears and the yawns bowled me over with cuteness.

I have a friend who keeps alpacas,  are llamas as randy and  hilariously loud when breeding as alpacas?
Can't wait for you to start licking!! May they be forever luscious!
I wish that yawn was audible
Damn. It’s only 5 hours old and it looks old
Sweet baby Jesus that's the cutest thing I've seen my whole life
what a beautiful little thing
All llamas remind me of really happy old men who are constantly battling to keep their dentures from falling out
“Hi! I’m new”
She looks like she hasn’t figured out how to llama yet 💓
OMG what a cute little baby llama.
5 hours old and she looks bored already.
Oh man, the widdol gummies!!! So cute!
I should have saved my silver for this
Mad chillin
What a beauty
Those ears tho
I mean none of us remember it, but it's probably exhausting being born. Little girl just wants a nap
I just died and went to heaven.
Giraffe rabbit
This made my day! Thank you, more please!!
The eyelashes omg
Congrats!
I just squealed 8 times. How sweet!
10/10...would not get mad if she spit in my face
Baby llamas are perfect in every way


Change my mind
She’s adorable
Wow cute. Llamas are smaller at birth than I imagined
Oh, What a little honey.
still learning what buttons do what in this lifetime.    
\-FamousBabyLlama
It must be so confusing to be born.  One minute you are toasty warm & comfy - albeit a little cramped - floating in your own personal castle made just for you.  Then the next, you are squished and squeezed through a tiny tube into a loud, bright, hard, cold world and to top it all off, you are STARVING for the first time ever.
Omg amazing yawny baby!! Please update with any noises that come out of that cute face!!
Nice try, I can tell a Muppet when I see one.
Blep...welcome to the world little llama!
Baby llama drama
This is what I look like sitting in front of the toilet after too many drinks.
Is his name Barack Ollama?
Do they know how to spit when they're born, or is that a learned behavior?
What’s this weird thing in my mouth and what do I do with it. Is what I feel like she’s thinking hahaha.
What is her name?!
Oh my goodness
I love her so much
They grow up so fast
Happy Birthday!!
IT IS THE GIRAFFE GOAT
Awwww! She’s so cute!
What a beauty
The CUTENESS
Congratulations!
5 hours she looks 5 weeks what anti ageing care are you giving her?
Tis a puppet
Too fucking cute!!
Taboot taboot!
This llama be llamazing!
I'm not seeing the rows and rows of razor-sharp teeth.
It's like the Eraserhead baby but cute
Just be careful, because once she's a teen you'll end up with a lot of Llama Drama.
Thank you for posting this. It absolutely made my day!!!!!!!
She has a jacket!
Get ready for some baby mama llama drama!
5 hours old and already bored with you and the camera
Imagine being that and only have ever been alive for five hours must feel so brand new
5 hours old and already ahs a killer fashion sense. Baddie
Ohhhwwww lil bubba
Don't tell her what year it is.
Trying out the mouth feature.
 Nice moves beginner!!
It is just ~~seven~~ five hours old

truly beautiful to behold
Crias are the best!!!
Omg I just want to squeeze that sweet baby!! Love the llama! ❤❤❤❤❤
Are you the tooth inspector?
Me too, Baby Llama. Me too.
The ears make her look like a mythical puppet creation by Jim Henson.
She moves like one of the prosthetic puppet things from the original start wars trilogy
And I can tell she's already tired of this world!
Baby llama don’t want no drama
She’s just trying out the atmosphere.
Ok the llama yawns...I'm in love 🦙💕
I want the llama
It seems like she was holding in a sneeze the whole time!
This is nice.
I just want to squeeeeeze her!
That lama is like "WHAT YEAR IS IT?!"
AWEE
When the acid is stronger than expected and you're trying to find your place in the universe via your lips. But time has slowed down by half and you cant percieve your limbs.
She holds her head up so well!
Soooo cute.
What does she want because she can have it.
Lips are hard.
Is she trying to bleat? This is so cute, I feel emotional watching her.  What an absolute doll
My infant son is also very aware of his tongue right now. Adorable
SOOO SLEEPY!! IM IN LOVE
Wtf is a tongue?
No teeth! 🥺 That makes it so much cuter to me, as weird as it sounds
Oh my heart, that little tongue after the yawn tho. So precious!
Her little mouth is so *weird* I love her
This Llama is a perfect cinnamon roll, too good for this world, too pure,
I tell myself Reddit has nothing to offer me and I should go to sleep as I press the icon anyways... thank you internet for these sweet llama dreams.
The jacket, the ears, her mouth... UGH I didn’t know I needed to see this but, I did. How adorable!
so cute baby
I wanna cuddle her! 😭
Cria are the cutest little things!

I used to raise and show llamas. My boy was eight months old when I met him and he learned how to walk with me and got used to his halter so fast. 

We had a very large llama on the farm. She was the largest female I'd ever seen. Labored for over 24 hours and had a 44 pound baby. I'll never forget "Baby Huey."
Hhhyaahhhrrrrhh!!!!!!!!numnumnumnumnum
Awe, so cute
Cobra sheep
Omg welcome bb!!! 😍😍😍😍🥰🥰🥰🥰
Awwwwmygosh! She's or he's so cute!!
Her ears are floppy
Omg 😍😍😍😍😍 this is absolutely adorable.
That’s it. I’m getting a llama 😍
That’s really cool. Thanks, OP!
Are their feet all weird like a horse when they are born?
Oh. My. Goodness. Me!   I’m just here to say Yay! For! Llamas!  🦙 

My name is Llamageddon_or_Alpacapocalypse and I approve of this post!
I’m in love ❤️
The coolest thing about cute llamas is you can give them good looooong neck scritches. Fuckers are goddamn adorable.
So cute!
It's eyes are already open at 5 hours old?
She’s gorgeous 💕💕💕💕💕
Looks like a Star Wars puppet.
My baby
So cute!
that lil *mlep* yawn
He is cute...
Wait...I need more D:
"OMG! I have lips!"
Omgosh I love herrrrrrrrr
What's that in the back? Is that the Llama Mama?
Do Llamas usually have that strange split lip? I've never noticed it before.
Awwwwwwwwwwwww
"How do I use all these functions?!?" said baby lama. Haha
Yaaayyyy I’m a Llama again!
Every newborn creature is more impressive than a newborn human
Will it be kept as a guard llama or a pet?
Oh god how adorable! I would kiss her face and ears
So cute!!!
What is her name? 😍 she is AWESOME!!
🤗
(0👅0)
Ahhh already bout get his first victim to spit on
That is the cutest fucken thing I've ever seen
Why isn't she making any noise?
Llama Llama Green Pajamas.
If snuggling baby llamas was a job, sign my ass up.
Omgeeee3 she aint got no teefs<3
Thank you for sharing this.
That lama almost yawned as many times as my self on a Monday morning at work
There are not enough "awe!"s in existence to narrate the joy that I feel while looking at this little boo
Does yawning have anything to do with looking for the milk
murrr what a sweetie. Totally made me yawn!
New teeth who dis?
r/oldbabies
Happy birthday to baby Llama
So cute!
THOSE EARS <3
"So this is life, huh?  Its not so bad"
Do you reckon it remembers being born?
WHERE ARE ITS TEETH?!?!?
It's so developed already... I suppose it can remember the time before it was born... weird.
Already so cute and ready to be a llama
Question, why llamas already mini llamas when out the womb but humans are like mini aliens can’t open eyes type of bean?
TIL I look like a newborn llama when I wake up
 FUNNY
Happy Cake Day Llama
She all like being alive is weirdddd man
Quick, get her a hat!
llama
Awwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww! So cute!!!
Llama Face!
It already looks judgemental......
Such beautiful creatures
Awwwwwww
L:\Glama.exe>Llama_Face.bat has encountered a post-natal error. Lips.conf conflicts with Gums.inf.

L:\Glama.exe>Restarting Llama_Face.bat... /

L:\Glama.exe>Llama_Face.bat has restarted.

L:\Glama.exe>Running setup... /

L:\Glama.exe>Lips.conf has encountered an error with Tongue.conf. This conflict may result in system instability that may require restoration to an earlier state. Continue? (Y)es (N)o.

L:\Glama.exe>Y
Gaw! Almost looks like she's trying to say "llamallamallamallamallama..."
Thank you.
So Darn Cute I can't stand it !!!
Makes me think about Link because of the green and little belt.
Learning its mouth exists i see
5 hours old with that much fur? Geez
"Dis my mouf?"
I LOVE YOU,  LITTLE LLAMA!!! ♥ 💓 ❤
beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful
It moves like an animatronic!
Llamas are the best
So cute!
What an adorable little baby!!
it looks frickin tired...hasn't figured out sleep yet
She’s so cute
Of course the best part of being a baby llama is having no idea how fucked up the world is that you were just born into.
Welcome to the world little one
She looks like she already seen it all!
I'll take your entire stock
Born with all that fur? I hope the mother doesn’t have carpet burn
That's some Carousel of Progress shit right there. The cutest puppet there ever was.
At what age do they start eating arms?
may...may i hug her please?
Imagine getting a chance to be a part of life and you end up being born a fucking llama
Lol I love it how newborns always look SOO old fresh out. Like time can't even touch em yet!
Still figuring out how that new face works
Yes baby! Get those big breaths in!
It already looks so grown
“Tongues are weird...ok goodnight”
:) showed this to my daughter, and she said she's going to be sharing this with her friends also
Looks like the llama is fit for pyjamas!
Heart melting, need a cold glass of water
Sorry but you gotta keep us updated now regularly with new videos of her.
God I need to hug that.
I want her, llamas are my spirit animal
Carl would be proud.
I love her! What is her name?
She's so big
I never noticed the split lip on llamas before. Looks a bit freaky even though it's still cute.
OMG!! So cute!
This might be the cutest thing I’ve ever seen😭
This may sound weird, but to me this baby looks majestic.
Animals are so much better than stupid fucking f humans.
OHHHH MMMYYY GAAAAWWWDDDD WHY AM I CRYING
That's spitting image of a Llama.
my reaction to this video was unexpected <3

i'm going to have my testosterone levels checked
Asshole made me yawn
They grow up so fast
u/savethisvideo
Hes trying to finish the llama tutorial.
Llama llama, red pajama!
She’s huge for being five hours old!
I still remember the Llama que Llama commercials
I relate to this llama on a spirit level. Only five hours into this world and she’s already exhausted of life.
LLAMA FACE!
Do they eat hay? I couldn’t imagine laying in a bed of food
Little andorian ears. :)
Those ears!  So controlled and expressive!
I like to imagine this is a reincarnated person slowly coming to the realization that they are now a llama, and being completely cool with it.
awwmmm
I always imagined babies lamas to look like babies. Not an adult head surgically grafted onto a miniature body.
dude, that upper lip is almost prehensile..
Your baby Llama looks like the cuteiest dork ever!

(and yes. I spelled 'cuteiest' the way I wanted to)
Baby llama yawn is pretty much the best thing ever.
Awe she doesn’t know what she’s doing
i love itt!
Does she know how utterly ridiculous she looks? Adorable, but ridiculous
Oh she is the cutest thing. I love her!
The EARS!!! The little TONGUE! The way it’s laying!! It’s tiny little blankie. Oh my goodness. 😍
The thing is 5 hours old and it already knows what it's doing with its life more than I do
This is adorable! Can you post regular updates? Does she have a name?
I wanna snuggle her. I wanna snuggle her so bad.
A
Omg the ears!
“I’m so sleepy. And I have a TONGUE! Sleeeepy. Tongue.”

She’s just adorable, in her little jacket!
funny face
Thank you so much for this! Congrats!


This reminds me of this guy mimicking his goat on a mountain.
Welcome to our beautiful world, little one!
this made my day better, thank you
She's beautiful! <3
“Is this a yawn? Oh yes. Gonna do it again”
She looks so stupid I love her
oh my goodness 🤭😍
precious!
Sleepy puppy
Llies! Malfunctioning Henson creation!
Ten now
Cute little jacket
Don't let winamp anywhere near there.
Cutest baby!
When you can't quite get that piece of food stuck in your teeth out
Awww. She’s Shleepy!
Yes
This is the best thing I've seen in my entire life
I don't usually like llamas...

I'll make an exception...
So cute!
I don't how animals are born and are so conscious of the work so freaking fast!
When I was in high school (and depressed), I had a friend who promised me she’d take me to a llama farm she knew about because “you can’t be sad around llamas, it’s physically impossible!” We never ended up going but I 100% believe she was right about that.
Wow! She doesn’t look a minute past four hours old. Must be in the genes.
Awe her ears are still smooshed
Only 5 hours old but already got more chills than I ever will.
Awwwwwe
I feel like this baby is trying to say "how do mouth work, please explain"
That baby is so sweet and cute plus it just made my day even better.
Here's a llama there's a llama

and another little llama

Fuzzy llama, funny llama

llama, llama, duck.

&#x200B;

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hYWHJwyO5Gs](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hYWHJwyO5Gs)
Why so cute?
i need to pet it
Awwww tiny yawns!!!
So cute
Pretty baby, shes had a busy day!
I'm really stressed out and didn't know that I need this.
I started tearing up watching this at how freakin’ perfect this little baby is 🥺🥺❤️
i think she likes her new tongue!
Llamas are giraffe goats
We that’s just wonderful 😃
In other news, a 5 hour old llama has better eyelashes than I can ever achieve.
I love her
Llama=Flame! Love this Lil Baby!
Already looks 55 and divorced 2 times
Cute
wow. so cute
Already has a jumper on!!! 😱😍
A little wobbly, a bit tired, ears quite bent, tongue *very* intriguing.
Gorgeous, wish I could hug him right now!
*yawn*
Wow! 5 hours old and this little beauty is so fully functioning, it’s so wild to me!
When the sneeze won't come out
A crias
And she's already derpy!
*yawns*

“What is this...air? I could get used to this stuff!”
can we get like....another hour of this? 

i didn't realize i needed this in my life.
5 hours old and already tired of 2020. It's ok baby llama, sleep it off.
I need her .
LLAMAAAAAA
I don’t know her but I’d die for her.
I never noticed the top lip before. Is it split like that for eating?
Pure cuteness😍
Those yawns just make me go squishy inside!
Aww...cute baby.
Chewing and blowing that invisible bubblegum.
Those ears haven’t decided yet if they are gonna stand up right or flop around XD adorable
OH MY GOD
Looks like the original Starwars Yoda animatronics
Nose.............operational

Eyelashes............operational
Thank you for posting this
 Mini llama is cool

I really like mini llama
Still trying to boot up
sure. shove a camera right in her face.
awwww reminds me of Kuzco!
Llama llama green pajama
They look so completed.
And she's already tired of life
It’s so adorable with its creepy alien lips
Those forward bending ears!!
Oh my god. She is beautiful. The little derps at the start
That tounge though
Just a fashionable young llama learning lips
Tina you fat lard come get some dinner!

Unbelievable that I scrolled through over 1,200 comments and didn't see this reference once.
5 hours old and already cosplaying Link
so cutee 💕
Welcome ya 😍😙
And she’s damn sleepy!
They're so weird and cute.  It's not fair.  I'm weird and fat.
Lol now this is r/aww
This is too precious ❤
How cute you are haha
Llama llama wakeie wake... time to wiggle, time to shake.
Aaaaahw
Adorable
She's so derpy and I wanna give her all the hugs!
Oh my God that is adorable. Are you just staring at this baby?
She's the cutest thing I've ever seen! I want to hug her!
awwww so cute
Why have I never thought to look up baby llamas before now???
To the top of the subreddit! So cute! Just sent this to my lady, fully expecting to hear the 'squeeeeeeeeeeeeee!' of delight from hundreds of metres away!
I never realized how CUTE baby Llamas are!!!!
So cute
Soft 😍
S'cute!
Newly born things are always so shakey. It's cute but also I want to cuddle them for support lol
Those ears!  Still curved from being in the womb!
7hours old
The little coat 🖤🥰 welcome little baby llama
she is so cute ヽ(✿ﾟ▽ﾟ)ノ
Wow! Thanks for all the upvotes, I never expected this kind of reaction!  


Her barn name is Stella, still working on a full name
Makes human babies look dumb.
New life ❤️
“Oh sweet I get to be a llama this time?”
It's so cute
Yaaasss
What an adorable cria!
awwww cuddly
I would do a lot of things to be able to hug this llama.
OMG!!!! 😍
Welcome to the world Lil Llama♥️
WHAT A SILLY GOOSE
Omg, this is the most adorable thing I have ever seen 😍
She is so stinkin cute :D
Caaaarrrrrrrlllll!
I never thought about baby animals being born toothless, but the mixture of the gummy smile and poor tongue management makes me melt.
Please name him poop snoot
Oh my god oh my god oh my god soo much cuteness 🥺🥺🥺
She’s so cute!
[deleted]
Good thing it was a baby llama born and not an adult llama born, might have been scary.
Please show this to her: https://youtu.be/4yK7TU06A5E
pet it
Does she have a name?
It is really easy to see her distant cousin the camel in her.
No drama llama
That’s a no drama llama
Those ears!! 😄😍
I snuggle you and pet you and shower you in love because you are my new best friend ❤️
Whyyy thank you!
She's so cute! I would love to cuddle her :)
She looks older.. how long was the pregnancy for?
He looks like he is waking up from tying one on last night.
Grown ass
ready to spit
*yawn yawn yawn lick lick lick yawn yawn lick lick lick sleepy^time*
5 more hours and she learns how to spit
"A Llama? A LLAMA?! 
Pull the lever Kronk!
WRONG LEVERRRRR!"
Is that a cleft palate or do llamas just have split upper lips?
Ichu
Wait they dont come out of eggs?
I had no idea they have a cleft pallete looking thing on their top lip.
NO TEEF
Earth is such a weird place haha
🥺🥺🥺
Could you do a live stream?!?
This is so cute I'm gonna cry.
Sleepy baby
They grow up so fast 🥺
He looks so outlandish cute and unreal. That i am still not convinced he is not a animatronic. 

I need to see a baby alpaca to compare, just te be sure :3  <3
MI PAN ZU ZU ZUM
Those eyelashes!
Awe, a name for her yet?
What a Beautiful little being!
Yon
She's had a rough day. All tuckered out
OMG! SO FUCKING CUTE!!!!
Awwww who's having big yawns??
Thats a whole grown ass baby lol
I need now, give me!
No wonder some animals can walk right after birth and humans arent even close to ready. That little one doesnt look like it's her first day!
Is... is this too young to fit her with a hat?
Omg its gums are so cute and I can't explain why
What a cute derp! She's so tiny
"I want to scream but have no mouth."
Cutie. Is she yawning or trying in vain to make Llama noises? (Wait, do llamas make noises?) Either way I want to snuggle her and give her a pet
When it opened it's mouth I I wanted it to say "Winamp, it Really Whips the Llama's Ass" soooo bad.
He’s Babie.
r/upvotedbecauseofllama welcomes you!
The most expressive yawn I’ve ever witnessed
Aaaaaaaahhhhhh baby
Omg she’s gummy!! No teefers yet!
When does it learn to be a rude spitmonster?
Yes hello I would smooch...
And not made out of felt, a very rare incidence for Reddit and aww in particular.
I don't know why but I thought llamas would be born furless.
I was fully expecting to be spat on.
Oh my God her ears!
Sorry, how tf does this Llama have fuller eyebrows than me at 5 hours old?
Mama Llama Ding Dong!
Mouth calibration still in progress
“So this is llama life”
This is what I look like when I eat acid
That little curl of an ear 😍
It’s so cute!!! I’ve never seen a baby llama before
Watched the video on mute and then replayed with sound to listen to baby llama.  Apparently five hour old llamas do not make noise.
So derpy!
Do they have high sensitivity and/or dexterity on their lips? By looking at how they move them seems like it's one of their ways to interact with the world
I needed something cute to look at today. Thanks.
Maybe the baby is hungry
Don't let winamp near it.
u/vredditshare
me hungover when I get a whiff of beer
Alright, so if the wind is at 4mph, and I spit a loogy weighing 1/8 of an ounce, I'll need to...what are they talking about, So Adorable lives over in Tsort...
CAAAARL
I'm glad there was no mama llama drama.
How do I facial expressions?
soooooo precious, angel
Its head looks adult sized but its body looks miniature and I can’t unsee it now.
"Tell us where the talking llama is OR we'll burn your house to the ground!"
TFW you just want someone to put a nipple in your mouth.
Name it Winamp.
Yoda?
Da baby lamaaaaaa 🥺
Sooo adorable 😍
5 hours or and can hold it's own head up... Human babies come at me.
Love the newborn wobbly yawn! ❤️ congrats!
Watch out, she’ll gum you!
TINA! COME GET SOME DINNER!
u/savethisvideo
She got no teefs.
She's so tiny and adorable. It's amazing that she's only 5 hours old.
Please tell me there is a subreddit that's just llamas loafs
Very cool !
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Best facial expressions.
The eyes are already full size
Video to subreddit matches
His head is massive compared to his body. Like human babies. R/likeus
Me after getting my braces off
She’s perfect.
god I was having a really hard moment and this totally made things better, thanks OP
["Oh right, the llama. The llama for u/dd0626. The llama chosen specially to charm u/dd626. u/dd0926's llama. That llama?"](https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/disney/images/6/64/Kronk_.jpg/)
Llamas upper lip splits in half like an alien!? What for?
I’m about to pass out from all this cuteness
What’s its name going to be?
I love her and I don’t even know her
Name?
That’s one derpy looking spitter.
llamaww
I really want to know why is she so sleepy she doesn't know how to walk yet right?
Im gonna yell, im gonna yell AAHhidotnhavethestrengthforthis
I’m time traveler and there will be world war 4 in 2022
Imagine popping that out an orifice
She still has the new baby shivers 🥺
Hey OP, what is her name?
Can you please do the next video where you give your scritches?
WILL SOMEBODY PLEASE CUDDLE THAT!?
just testing it al out
r/noteefies
Do they have separate upper lips?
Not quite sure if supposed to chew large gulps of air or not.
u/SaveThisVideo
How old are llamas when they’re full grown?
That must have been extremely painful for your wife. I hope she's OK! !
Another bloody Patrick.
That gummy yawn is giving me life!
*llama impregnation noises intensify*
She looks so soft! I wanna hold her so bad...
*When you’re good to llama...*
So fwoofy!!!
Carl is losing his mind
U/savethisvideo
blepblepblepblepblep
why are baby animals fully functioning when they come out, meanwhile baby humans are... ehh
It looks like Gizmo
Who is your llama guy?
Future spitter
Is Chris D'elia that lamas dad?
She said   
:V  
 :P
Cute is certainly one word for it. I would choose, "animatronic possessed by Satan," but potato potahto.
Why’s she shaking like a Parkinson’s patient on molly?
Is this a Muppet?
Demon llama!!!
Get this little fella a nice hat
🥺
This lil llama is so cute!
350 Wood 350 Brick 350 Metal
Little guy had me yawning too! So cute and so sleepy already
Thank you for sharing this toothless little precious! Sooo adorable! I needed a smile today 💕
Figuring out 2020.
How do you differentiate between a Llama and an Alpaca?
I will need a daily update. Okay, thanks.
when you don’t like the food so keep chewing n pretend you like it
Were they named Llama with such an overdose of L because they look like L's when sitting?
That looks like a puppet lol
Me when I first got my braces removed
I didn't know baby llamas were born toothless
All I can think about it when this thing is born all it sees is a human and the several hours it takes to figure out what the fuck it is? 

I feel like that’s what I was thinking as a newborn. “What the fuck is going on”
She be tired ya know
"THAT'S FROM FORTNITE"
r/ntbdbiwdfta
Aww that's cute :)
oh my goodness! she's beautiful but jeez that must be difficult for llama mamas. She's born huge
r/learningtollama
Yo Llama!
Demonio llama... donde?
That baby is yawning like a heroin addict starting withdrawal you better drug test mom
Cute little guy/gal!! 🥰❤️😍 

Looks healthy and strong!
Aww, so cute,
Fuzzy Llama  
Funny Llama
Is it toothless?
That is so cute! Enjoyed it so much,thanks for sharing it
It's chewing its own tongue.
She looks like she’s an animatronic puppet!
The new generation is mad! Only 4 years old and already 50K+ followers!
When you’re a baby and craving something but don’t know what milk is yet
That's the cutest thing I've ever seen
such a small baby <3 ....
dude... they come out really big. holy shit
I did not hear MERRRRRR is it even a llama??
He’s so smol
idk who leaked this video of me walking up in the morning but not cool
So cute! Let's share some llama facts.

The llama is a quadruped which lives in big rivers like the Amazon.
I was waiting for it to spit on screen:/
someone needs to talk to this Llama and teach it the dangers of winamp
What’s her name? (asking for a friend ^ - ^ )
Is your mama... a llama?
She’s five hours old and already tired of us.
love it how her neck is the same size as her body
that's a whole lotta life for five hours.... life is so beautiful
Omg if she isn’t the cutest thing I’ve seen today
It’s hungry
u/savethisvideo
u/SaveThisVideo
What does her nose feel like?
OMG my heart is melting
This belongs in every derpy animal sub, and also it makes all of the injury back pain that I'm in right now suddenly feel a lot better
Taboot Taboot!!
Namer her Gwen
Being born must be a trip, imagine just pop out into the world not knowing what a thought process even is and then WHAM..... whoa what the fuck?
