I like Wolfgang.
I love it and I’m sure your animal feels a lot better with window access!
That's cool! And your dog has such a sweet face,
Basement suite, but *roof* level.
OMG! This is what I keep saying we need for the dog!
You're so kind, putting your dog's view ahead of your own. 💕
More square footage and a better view than a lot of city pads, lucky boy!
The world needs more pet owners like you! Sometimes people forget that pets are a part of our lives while we are their entire lives.
Love this. Great pet owner. Well designed bed  for him too 👌🏻
First off very cute.

Second though (and I genuinely hate to be a naysayer here) is that an egress window? It's important to have multiple escape routes in case one's blocked by fire or whatever. Make sure you're safe, friend!

Edit: the hive mind of Reddit had spoken: this is likely not a significantly increased risk. We can all breathe a sigh of relief and appreciate the cuteness with peace of mind :D
Nice to see another cardigan!
This is so great
Good human
Sweet speckled boy gets his own castle 🏰
That’s love right there
This is awesome. I have 4 cats in my 2800sqft house, but almost half of that is the basement and there's only a few south facing (sun where I live) windows. I specifically use those windows for the cat towers and shelves with cat beds because I know they love napping in the sunlight during the day. I'd love to have some indoor plants, but the cats are more important.
That’s so sweet. He has his room with a view. 🥰😍💕😌
Wow this is simply amazing!! You're a great hooman!
#1) your dog is a particularly gorgeous corgi

#2) you are a wonderful human being and the world needs more of you.  

#3)  thank you for understanding the importance of sunlight and what I like to call "dog TV" aka looking at shit outside
What’s a basement suite?
That's awesome.
that looks cool but hoping you have another window in the room cause that looks like a serious fire hazard and maybe not very legal.....
Love it!!
Ground Squirrel!
Looks like he has the best view in the house! 😉
That's awesome!
Dude that is such a wholesome accommodation for your pooch.  I’m sure it’s very much appreciated.
Isn't there a little thought in the back of your head you'll be laying on that fold-out couch one day, and your dog decides to dive bomb into your lap?
I’m not familiar with a basement suite, we don’t even have basement here to be honest, it it just a room in the basement or does it all the basic amenities like an apartment?
I love him so much. The snoot through the poles sold me.
You live in a basement. I live in one too. Just because mine is my moms doesn't mean you get to add a fancy word to yours.
/r/incorgnito
Boy pull up your pants!
and a Rock in Rio poster!?
That is so great.  What a beautiful corgi!
Love it!!!
This is where I'd put my award. IF I HAD ONE
r/barkitecture

On a side note, what a little cutie ❤️❤️❤️
THIS IS SOME NEXT LEVEL PET PARENTING!!!
Oh, my gosh, you did an incredible job. I love how you showed Wolfgang where to walk up his ramp. He looks happy looking out his window. Wolfgang is very handsome and I love his eyes.You’re a good dad.
Wolfgang living a better life than I am...
Omg I’m jealous
I would upvote this forever.
Siiiiiick
Best digs ever.
Holy ears
Ok I have a cat name Wolfgang !   Cute little loft for a cute little guy.
i would walk by your house everyday to see him hangin out at the window
Very cool!
Is his other name Amadeus? Get because his name is Wolfgang a-and his name is...? No? Ok
You’re a good man.
Boop the snoop
You’re a good daddy human
Dogs luxury at its best!! 👌
That’s such a nice, dog dad thing to do.
Good job!!!
This is so cool! Did you buy it pre-made or make it from scratch? I wish I had a pet so that they could have one too.
Solid doggy dad right there. All dogs I've ever had love to sunbathe!
Please boop the snoot.
that is so cool and you built a ramp as well so the 🐕 can go up when you aren't there 👍
I bet you gotta push the ladies out of there with a broom...
Does he only go up there when you lead him with treats?
DudeTHAT IS FREAKIN AWESOME
GolfWang
I am not sure what is more awesome - Wolfgang or the loft.

Either way, good job.
Aww that’s so sweet, looks like he loves it.
Does you dog happen to be, y’know, a music prodigy?
Everything in this video is perfect!
I wish I could build one for my cats. They would love it.
That's such a great space for him!
Wolfgang enjoys his front row seat's view to the outside world, while simultaneously ruling over you from the balcony, like any proper, four-footed overlord would do.
So nice. My dog would use this to bark at everything
I don't know what I love more. The wholesomeness of you building him a loft or his name and his face. Thank you for sharing your precious Wolfgang with us!
Nice job op. Pup's got it made in the shade.
what a beautiful and amazing video. thank you for sharing!
Cute Dog 🐶❤️
Cute dog
r/incorgnito
i have this kind of thing for my cats
That is so awesome!! I have an English Mastiff. She has run ins with windows and screens tho so that’d be a no go for us 😞
Woofgang.
Omfg I love this so much. Every doggo deserves a loft :) and this is such a cool loft! You’re just giving me ideas for when I get my very own dog :)
You are the bestest owner
Love the cute pup and love the loft! Brilliant really.
Is that dog mixed with Australian Shepherd? Very similar markings.
If a fire breaks out and that window is your only escape, I hope its easy to get up and over that.
/r/cozyplaces
Man this is so cool. 

I took one basement apartment over the other cause my indoor cat loves to look outside. Now she falls asleep on sunny days with a big smile on her face in the sun.
I'm high for the first time in weeks and I'm gonna cry
TIL corgis can be ugly
[deleted]
That blessed double wink
Love it! That is such a great idea! Lovely corgi too!
❤️❤️boop❤️❤️
This is so cool!
Very thoughtful of you!!
He's beautiful.   I love corgi's!
Scritches for Wolfgang!
the window makes it!   good Dad!
Best seat in the room for that ant eater.
Look at this beautiful god damn dog with his beautiful god damn ears.
Aww, looks like he's got the nicest spot in the whole place, with the best view!! lol
This is awesome, I just got bad news and this is really cheering me up. I have a pup too and this is exactly the appropriate amount of love and effort to devote to them
And he’s got a long tail! (Is it true that their tails get docked when they’re born or are they normally born with little nuns?) He’s got the best family!
Nice...so thought full!!
I have a blue merle Aussie and this is the first I've ever seen that corgi's can have the same coloring! Beautiful doggo :)
Oh my gawd
Awesome!
that looks so comfy 🥺
New meaning to Dog’s Eye View apartment.
So cute! He also looks very much like my boyfriend's cardigan, just the face is different and blue rather than brown eyes.
I really like the stairs
spoiled boi
I love this so much! Dogs deserve special shit like this. We made a little daybed/cabana on our balcony for our pupper so he has his own space to relax outside in the shade. It makes me so happy to see him use it!
Did you steal that sign?
What an amazing idea! He clearly enjoys his loft.
This is beyond awesome.  Wish I could give you more than a lowly singular upvote.  Very cool work
I love his little window and the fact that he can see the sprinkler lol
This is so pure I love it.
Nice!! 🥰❤️😍
Room with a view...
That's no slouch of a loft. Are you a wood sprite, craftsman?
Damn he livin the high life
I don't think you're going to get your security deposit back 😉
Your corgi looks like he's half hyena
OUTSTANDING
Best dog owner of all times.
Not to be dramatic but I would die for Wolfgang the corgi
Also a corgi owner. Salute!
You blocked your egress window
Wolfgang is ADORABLE. :D And that's one cozy lookin' suite too!
THIS IS SO PRECIOUS
That really cool for your corgi Wolfgang 🐕👍👍🎉
Very cool
What did you use to.make the ramp and rails?
This may be the coolest/sweetest thing I’ve seen. You’re a rockstar dog owner 👍
Wolfgang is a very corgi name
I think my corgi is afraid of heights so this wouldn't work. 

Is he all corgi? He looks like he may be Australian shepherd and corgi. The blue eyes give it away.
What a handsome young man!
So cool
This is so freakin wonderful!
Plus your dog gets window view. 🐶
Build a belt next!
Aww. Giving the sweet pupper the best view. Bravo.
Someone tell George Conway
Not to be that guy but doesn't that violate the fire code?
And here I was thinking that I spoil my dogs. Super cool and super cute Corgi.
He is beautiful!
You are an amazing human being to do this for him!
Penthouse livin’ !   Ruff life🐾🐾❤️
that’s lovely and he’s adorable. that’s a good name, too.
That's love.
He need a ramp cuz he's smol :((( so cute gosh

 Give him a lil' kiss from me, please
But why not woofgang
I would love to give this to my two weiner dogs. Sadly, one of them really enjoys kamikaze diving off high objects 😔
An old boyfriend of mine did this for my cat when we lived in a basement. Made me stay with him longer than I should have.
Best name ever!
I’m awesome man! He looks so happy!
My beagle would still find her way to my bed in the middle of the night even with one of these lol
Best room in the building.
His name fits him very well. I’m not sure what a Wolfgang *should* look like, but he looks like a Wolfgang.
I suspect your dog may be part cat.
Wolfgang is so sweet and you are the best doggo owners ever!
Your short legged cat is adorable.
I just love that!!!!
Omg!!!  This is so sweet!
This is by far, the coolest thing I've seen today.

It looks like he really enjoys the window too!

TY OP.
Wolfgang looks like he's part blue heeler.
LOL, “suite”.
Very practical doggie ramp. Novel. Well done... cool railings.

When the snows come, will he still be able to see out ?
Upvoting for Cardigan awareness!
Makes me smile! Thanks for treating your pupper so well ☺️
Wow! I would love to do something like this for my dog! Where did you get your inspiration?
That loft with all that lighting would go for 2500 a month in NYC.
So sweet!
/r/all/new
Ahh I have a corgi with a tail too, I think she is a cardigan.
Omg is that a corgi/mini aussie? I have one and he is such a snugglebug!
I honestly would be so scared my dog would try and jump down. But so awesome
I love that the tail is intact. No reason to dock a corgi tail unless they are actually going to be used as a herding animal (or for show purposes).
Those ears are to die for!
A blue merle Cardigan! I had two of these growing up and they were very good companions!
I have a corgi and this is giving me way too many ideas...
Thats so suite!
Awww that’s so cute! Your Dog is so lucky to have you
That's really awesome!
awweeeee this is soooo cute :')
Aw
Gang gang
Wolfgang pup
awe, I love this. What did you make it out of? Looks pretty legit and cozy!
That is love right there
How did you do this? Do you have the instructions?
Very nice!   Good looking pup too!
I love the fact that for once, there’s no music.
Awwww! He/she looks so happy too
That is awesome! You did an amazing job on that
I have that dog bed
I need to do this for my cat!
Do want
'I climb all these damn steps and some how my view is still lower than normal. What gives!'
Hey I saw this in dogspotting lol
That's so thoughtful of you! My dog used to love looking out the window and would mutter under her breath when people took too long to pass by.
It's gotta be loud af having Rock in Rio above you
Mozart fan?
The epitome of “make it work.”  Excellent work.
So sweet and thoughtful!
So cute
A gangway for wolfgang!
Nice job! The designer inside of me feels there is a better way for mutual benefit. That window seems like the only source of sunlight which has now been absorbed by the build. Drop the platform 18 inches and decrease the depth 1/3. Doggo gets sun and cozy lounge, you still get natural light which is important for mental health. Regardless, great job friend.
Sweet Rock in Rio poster. Who headlined the show or is it just a poster?
What the hell is a “basement suite”? Serious question.
We have the same bed for our doggos!
You are en exceptionally intelligent human being. The way you have made not so steep stairs and chose for the loft just next to window so he can have a view,simply awesome.
Very cool.  Wolfgang, you're a good boy.
A upper middle loft owner
So you caged the point of egress so your pup can have window access. Cute.
What a king, he deserves it!
I always wanted to do something similar for my two dogs but never did and I regret it. Lucky dog, good owner.
The fact that you got a corgi named Wolfgang cracks me up! And yay on your loft skills 👍
That is awesome!
Is your Corgi a Heeler mix by chance? Very cool colors! ^^
As a human being, you rock
Omfg I want hundreds of them pleaseeeeee
Knowing how much dogs love window peering, you are a very good dog dad.
Is Joe down there w you? C'mon man!
It was cheap and it worked for me. It sucked when it rain because there was a chance it could flood. I would not recommend a 6'4 person to live in a garden apartment. I wanted to add that it has a separate back and front door. It would be easy and safe to escape
Edit only the parts where the corgi is behind bars and then overlay that effing song, you know the one.
Living the best life.
Wow, your dog has such cool markings, I've never seen a corgi like that before. It's obvious you love him, that's great!
Quite the quarantine project, I myself decided to gain 35 lbs
That looks so cozy, I want to live there
Your dog is absolutely stunning!
Wolfgang ay
Fuck yeah. The world needs more dog owners like you.
Pull your pants up.
Nah dude this is bullsh*t! Your dog is way too beautiful!
Wolfgang? Like Tyler, the Creator?
❣️❣️
Literally probably the most pretty / majestic corgi I’ve ever seen
My wife wants to build a catio off the back of our house. I'm sure she would love this.
I also have a Australian shepherd/Corgi mix dog, so cute
What kind of dog is that because I want one!
That snoofer!
Do Cardis bark as much as Prembrokes? My two boys have huge, piercing and incessant barks.
Very cool 😃
AMAZING!
Bravo!!!  Wolfgang has such a good dad.  I'm part of a "doggie group".  I have named the owners PACK PARENTS.  You are now an honorary PACK PARENT!
Our "babies" give us so much.  Love, joy, humor, a purpose, a reason to get up every day and face life. Pets are more therapeutic than most prescription drugs.  No bad side effects (except for an empty wallet .. lol) but they ARE addictive! The only real good addiction!
So, I commend you for doing whatever possible to keep Wolfgang happy.
Awww, what a great dogfather
r/cozyplaces
Love this so much
That ramp is awesome. I want one to go from my bedroom window to the outside ground.
Love it. I absolutely love when I see people take a good care of their dogs. I have a dog myself, and there is nothing I wouldn't do for her (calling her "it" would just sound wrong) wellbeing. I really don't think many people who own dogs are qualified to do so, so when I see someone like this - it warms the heart.
How did you build it? I'm in a similar apartment and would be interested in doing something like that.
Awwww
Tell Wolfgang I love him.
Oh my God please tell me you call him Wolfgang Pup!
What his full name is it “Wolfgang Pup”?
Rocking the Costco dog bed... He’s living the life!
I would be so fucking pissed if I did all that and my dog just slept on the floor like she always does.
Your dog is living a life of luxury
Nice of you to give him the window
Can you open the window so he can go outside? That would be a pretty legit finish to the build. Im jealous though. I WISH I had skills like that. BTE cutest corgi ever!
Beautiful...........................
thats a r/cozyplace if I've ever seen one
Such a great job at building it!!!! Impressive
This made my day!
That’s stupid dumbass(red Forman)
Bro you may not realize it but your amazing craft just may have saved wolfgangs ass in case of flood u r 10/10
0:07 - self-booping snoot!
Fantastic! May I ask what the ramps are? Would love to do something for my pooch!
All I need is the first 6 seconds of snout love
Sweet dog. Sweet loft.
You live in a basement suite, you live in a basement. Let's not sugarcoat it too much.  Wonderful doggie loft! A+ pet ownership for sure.

Edit: spelling and punctuation.
Thats so fucking rad man. Props.
He will forever wonder what the Rock in Rio Festival is about
BOOP THAT SNOOT NOW!
How you make this?
Boop
Is the Rock in Rio a Rock in Opposition thing, or just a coincidence?
Those ears omg so cute
Cutie!
You are the reason I don’t give up on humanity. 

Also, suggestion: throw birdseed on the ground by the window so squirrels will come by.
Damn, I lived in one of those back in the day, now I feel guilty per my dog.
Get him a hat from golfwang
Super cute. Is that a corgi mini Aussie mix?
His coat is so pretty
HOUSECAT: *"Why not just jump up there, you lazy dog?!"*
So sweet and he deserves such a lovely space 💖💖💖💖
So are you a motzart fan or an odd future fan
Awesome
Can you say you live in a two-story apartment now?
Dogs dont like that??   Wtf 143 awards from 143 people who never owned a dog.....
I forget corgis actually have long tails
Hes adorable!! And I love that he still has his tail 😊
Iam a human and I want this loft
He deserves it!
/u/vredditshare
Seeing this now I want to make one for my dog
"Basement suite" I wish things were affordable
Really cool idea. 
Out of curiosity, is this ok per fire code in your area?
Has your landlord ok’d the renovation?
That’s so adorable
Nice to see someone with a Cardigan instead of a Pembroke! Love the Cardis!
He seems so happy!
You’re a good dad <3
Such a good dad
Yay.
Sooo awesome
a precious angel
Armadeus is that you?
Great idea! Adorable doggo! You are a real dad! 👏👏👏👏
Where can i get that jumper from😳
#boop
He has a very cute face
That is an awesome name!
My dog would love this so much. You're a great dog dad.
I'm obsessed. Not sure if intentional, but Wolfgang is a pianist. We named our corgi after composer Percy Grainger. Such a cute set up!
I'm not sure if anyone has asked this, what what kind of camera are you using?
Wolfgang is an awesome name !!!
Do the handjobs start after dark?
You are good people
/r/cozyplaces might like this
Omg this is the most adorable thing, and what a handsome little Corgi!
This is fucking next level mam
That Corgo is frikk'N CUTE!
A fellow cardigan owner! What a sweet face your pup has.
Literally living rent free in your head...in a good way
The skull candle is dope. As well as your pup of course.
Further proof small dogs are just cats. Haha (/s for the inevitable crybaby who doesn't like my jokes)
What a nice name...
Found you 😂
Ridiculously cute.
Thanks for being a good furr daddy
Aww what a lucky boy!
hey, please be careful! iirc corgis are more prone to back problems and if your little buddy ever falls out of that it could be really bad, so maybe raise the guard rails a little if you get the chance.
Can someone help me to solve issues
STAHPP
Cool! very nice!
Wait a skinny Corgi?!?they exist?!? I thought they where all fat/poofy
Those stairs did it for me lmaoo
SO CUTE
That little pinky nose is soo cute! Love ur dog I’m guessing it has cattle dog or some blue heeler?
Amazing cute corgi and wonderful human to make your fur baby so happy
Ngl iwdfwg
Awesome idea
How did you build this? It is really good op. And very cute puppy too.
2020...basement suites. From a person that is living in one. Way to church it up 2020
I love how there are safety bannisters for the pooch.
That is a beautiful boop
You put him near your face so he can lick your face better?
Bolt is that you?
I think r/cozyplaces would love this too.
Almost down voted because you did not boop the snoot. But honestly this is pretty great and I bet doggo loves it.
Lucky to be next to the window and be able to have direct sunshine ☀️
Nice
Wolfgang has a better place to relax than I do!  Nice job.
Super cool!
I believe that actually violates fire code.
Snoot
Just fucking amazing. Literally crying at how beautiful. Thanks for being the best
Omg is so cute😍😍
Until this day, I thought Corgies were naturally bobtailed. I am a dillweed. Dogo is magnificent and so are you.
I wish I had that kind of talent
I love that you let him look out the window! 
So creative 

And those eyes , id melt
CORGI LIFT

CORGI LIFT
Tyler the creator?
ugh i am weak

i love people who make this type of stuff. i once saw a video of a father who made a "second story" play room inside his daughters' bedroom.

you are a great father :')
I had a cocker spaniel named Wolfgang as a kid.


He’s damn adorbs!
Cardigan Corgi!!!!!!!
How crazy that you’re on the front page today. I was just looking for your bird scaring post earlier, and now here you are popping up again. On that note... why did that video get scrubbed from the internet?
*That's not Cheddar... It's just some common bitch!*

Really tho, this is bomb
Would you call it a Wolfgang gangplank?
Wolfgang pup
Your dog is the best dog in the world. What a perfect pup! I love him.
Honestly waaaay awesome!! 👍👍
Hug that dog!
That’s actually really cool and no I’m not a dog park type person that’s super weird about dogs.
r/humansbeingbros
Oh that’s precious!!
Lil man got the penthouse!
Awesome
Who names a Welsh dog "Wolfgang"?
/u/vredditshare
Can someone tell me what that colour pattern is called? I can never describe it and I always thought it was particular to one breed of dog but I guess not!
Omg this is amazing
Nothing says true love more than sacrificing a possible fire egress
I do wonder if he ever goes up there on his own volition, though.
Woofgang *
Well done!!! Such a great human.
The BEST
Super cool!  Lucky dog!  Great parenting,Dad.
Wolfgang is so lucky to have you!
We’re currently in a basement too so we got out two kitties a tall enough cat tree to reach the one window! They spend all their time their now when they’re not cuddling/playing with us!
That is so thoughtful and sweet! 
I wonder if it would be possible to make a little outdoor balcony for Wolfgang.
I live in a basement suite too but can confirm that this dog sees way more sunshine than I do
You're an incredible human.  I'm sure your corg would tell you this if he had the words, but I'm guessing he just wiggles his corgi butt and gives kisses 😍
I’ve always wanted a basement. It just gives me a nice cozy feeling. Cheers
Omg that an Auggie that's even better than a corgi and I have been on a 2 year wait list for one
It looks like Front of House at a concert
The snoot! 😍
Is the next project a slide to get down faster, would be a great addition!
Living and treated like a king :)
Your a cool dude, the craftsmanship you put into it, shows not only your devotion to the work but for the love of your pet. Job well done my good sir! Bravo! 👏
Your Dogs Name is Wolfgang? NICE 😏
AWWWWW! ❤️❤️❤️❤️
Wolfgang Amadeus Corgi
You gave him the window! So kind!!
This is just perfect.what a great pet parent.
Your dog looks adorable up there, but how often do you clean?
I bet he just loves it🥰
That's wicked and very awesomely thoughtful. 🥰
wolfgangs in this bitch
Build a cute fence around the window and BAM use the window as the doggy door!
Basement suite ... what a time to be alive
Wolfgang ist zufriedengestellt
He/she is fucking beautiful!!!
I won’t lie that’s cool as hell
Check to see if you should test for radon. Also, great dog
My cat 100% needs to borrow this.
Well played, playa.
Great name!
I would have hit my head on the corner of that 100 times by now

Edit: awesome anyway
I love his long tail!
So cute. What great parents you are
He’s so cute! And a lucky boi to have a hooman who loves him enough to make this!
This does put a smile on my face.
Wolfgang is the cutest corgi I've ever seen. 🐾❣️
All that comes to my brain is "cute bb" and...

Well we're movin' (movin' on up) 
to the East side (movin' on up) 
To a de-luxe apartment 
In the skyyy 🎵
🏆🎖️🥇God bless U👏
u/savethisvideo
Good dog
He or she is beautiful
Your corgi’s got some amazing r/sonarears!
Is the name "Wolfgang" from that Animal Crossing villager that is a wolf?
Excellent! Wolfgang is a lovely little guy too!
He's got a different colour then most corgis, why is that? Is he albino? Also he a pretty boy
Wow he is so cute
Is wolfgang a "perfect corgi" ? He looks like one from the breeder we got our corgi from. She has a group where pics are posted and I'm just curious.
I need one of these for my cat who has CH in his leggies and can’t jump into the windsill like his brother
I love watching dogs look out the window
What a cutie! But that nose coloring has me worried... please keep him out of the sun! 
😢 We learned this the hardest way.
my grandpartents got a balcon for their dogs its cute
Any corgi with eyes that aren’t dark-brown look like they’re possessed by Victorian-era ghosts. Mine included.

Edit: She acts possessed, too.
The name of your dog reminds me of the German boy from The Thundermans! The loft's amazing!
Lucky corgi has an awesome dad!
Can't help but notice you've been to Rock in Rio! My absolute dream. I'm highly envious!!
So adorable! [Even though I have cynophobia].
That’s so cool 😎. I bet he loves it ❤️❤️
It’s more a mezzanine
Oh my goodness. Wolfgang's ears remind me of a finnic fox and I am so here for it! 
Enjoy your view Wolfgang!
How does the window open? If he can walk through it and get onto the grass, get a long leash and secure it to something he can't pull so he can come and go as long as you're ok with the window open.
Wolfgang.....

I knew some people who had a dachshund named Offenbach. I thought it was hilarious...

Wolfgang is pretty damn good too...let us hope he never joins!
I love when dogs have serious and imposing names like Wolfgang. Especially such a cute corgi :)
Creative and Wolfgang is super cute!
Lucky dog!
How cool!
Fab hu-man! 💜👏🏻
Awesome design, dog, and name.
Woah, what a worthy and worthwhile whirl for wee Wolfgang - bravo, u/Cocakoller!
Where’s the gang
Where’s the gang
Where’s the gang
So sad that housing is so out of reach thanks to the world we live in that now basements are called "suites"
Some hoomans just rise above. You are one of them ❤
That’s so sweet ❤️
It's a great bed for your corgi wolfgang!
Aww, stumpy dog gets to look out.  Well done everyone.
I love this idea! I'm currently living in a bigger city and I always love to take pictures of all the kitties I see in people's front windows. It would be so cute to see a basement puppy!
puppy!
He got better view  than many redditors
Awesome owner.
Adorable name for an adorable pup.
you legend
GOLFWANGGGGG
“Basement Suite” 🤣
That’s awesome
Good Hooman!
Thank you!
He's so good going up his ramps! Our corgi hated all stairs, refused to even touch the plush ones we bought so she could get on the bed in her old age.
That’s awesome! I also live in a basement apartment and invested in a couple climbable cat towers so my cats can get into the sill and see some sunlight too. They really love it. It makes a huge difference in their energy and curiosity levels.
Why that lucky dog
I also want to say that your love ifor your buddy is wonderful...the only bit of light you have in that room, you gave it to him <3
A Corgi named after a classical composer? Captain Holt would approve!
Mini Australian Sheepdog!
It looks very nice, but please make sure you have another egress window in case of fire!
wow Wolfgang has a really cute nose.
turn that window into a dog door and you're laughing!
What did you film this with?
This made my day, thank you!
it’s what he deserves
Cute dog maye
Love it!
Man your pup looks almost just like my little guy. @mooontheaugie on ig!
r/incorginto
I think it looks cute. Is that the only egress for the room. At least your corgi will survive.
Love this!
u/savethisvideo
what a gorgeous dog
Wolfie, you are adorbs!!! 💙🖤💙 Your parents are SOOOoooo nice to build you that super awesome loft.  Great job, rents! 🐺🤓
DOGCHAMP
This is awesome man!
“Suite”
My gsd joey says hello!
That is so sweet and touching.
Wolfgang start a wolfgang and be the head of the gang
Corgis love people watching! Kimchi stays out of  our balcony all the timr. What an amazing loft 🙌🙌🙌 great job!
Good human
There are too many replies to read through to check to see if this joke has already been made, but I like that Wolfgang gets to walk up the Wolfgangplank to his li'l loft.
Hey Wolfgang cool digs! I have two Blue Merle Corgis and they love looking out the window everyday. You’re a very lucky Corgi!
Isn't this a repost from last week?
You win
Your dog father of the year!  🏆
thats a neat fire hazard
That's awesome!  Great job!
MTV cribs vibes
CUTE! 😭
r/nextfuckinglevel
is basement suite code word for I'm 30+ and dont have my own place?
Hims Corgo? Hims resemble Australian Cattle Doggo!
Thats amazing, what a lucky pupper!
I don't understand people's priorities. "I live in a basement suite, so I went out and got a $600 dog, and all the responsibilities that come with it". Instead of saving and planning to move out of, or to own a home.
Wouldn't she be happier outside like most dogs
What an eyesore.
Maybe don't force a dog to live in a basement?
u/SaveThisVideo
Let me guess his second name is Amadeus Mozart
That's dope man, I can tell you love your dog alot.
Lives in the basement of someone else’s house...I’d say you’re probably not in a position to be wasting that sort of money on a dog. Also, who puts a permanent structure in a rental?! Downvoted.
You can sugar coat it with “suite” but damn that sucks you live in a basement
How did you get a Corgi to bang a Studio Ghibli character?
Are you available
So he can still bark at the neighbors. Neat
why do you live in the basement? what city is this?
