This is a great costume, good work on using an actual alien to play E.T.!
Not to be dramatic because I’ve never met him, but I’d fucking die for Chuck.
Pug phone home ♡
Sorry but that's _Chuck_ in his amazing costume, ft. You.
omg the angle of the picture and the "costume"...epicc
I smiled.  Thank you!  Chuck looks like a solid 13/10.
I wish I could give multiple upvotes this is the best thing I've seen all day
E.P. The Extrapugrestrial
I am following chuck from my dog Scout’s account
https://i.imgur.com/UzkRGwh.jpg

Here is me and Otis in almost the exact same costume!!
Now this, this is epic
I think I speak for everyone when I say please make sure Chuck knows how much Reddit loves him!
Gonna try this with my St Bernard when I get home.  Bet I will.bw less successful
I LOVE IT!! Chuck is perfect as ET
Chuck is a GD Angel
Hello Chuck. Chuck the pug.
Oh man. This is such a huge win, the costume the set up and CHUCK. What a handsome man. Thanks for brigtining up my monday
Get this dog his academy award!
E.Tchuck
Last year I dressed up my pug as a sushi :) that was great
The look off into the same direction 100% sells it.
So simple, yet so fucking awesome.
Chuck is absolutely adorable, but is it just me, or does this guy look like Jacksepticeye with a slightly longer beard?
This is not at all directed at OP as I don't know if their pet is a rescue or what but if anyone is considering paying a breeder for a pug please reconsider. I'm sure you've all heard about the health issues which is a concern but the worst thing that people don't know about is how these guys are bred. It's barbaric. Most of them can't mate or give birth naturally. So, they're turkey bastered and then cut open repeatedly (c-section) to make more dogs that will potentially go through the same thing. Please rescue them. Lots of pugs end up in shelters because of the same health issues you'll probably wind up with by buying one anyway.

If you don't believe me just google it. Even official pug breeding groups etc openly discuss the breeding practices that I mentioned above. None of them deny it. Just trying to spread awareness for what these poor little guys are put through so people can have a dog that's "so cute it's ugly". You know it's bad when even nature is like "wtf no more breeding for you".
in my dream of my best self, i wear this costume every day
Ur pug makes an excellent E.T.
I hope you frame this picture
Phanominal good work
Chuck was born for this role!
E.T!
Okay, don't take this too far - your bike cannot fly.
I feel like you could have shaved for the full treatment.
E.P.
I feel like you’re the one for me judging from this picture 😍 kindred spirits
Uh.. YAS YAS YAS! This is amazing.
Hahaha brilliant! I could hear the soundtrack soon as I saw the pic 😁
All you need now is a full moon. Checks chart for the next one: yup, October 31
I hope you tell him, “Be goood” when you leave the house.
Ellllllliiiiioooooootttt
Now be him in Bly Manor.
How to with John Wilson: giving your best friend a ride home.
This ET or MIB?
Alternatively, you could have made him Frank the pug from MiB
Fits so well. Pugs are the closest things I know to aliens.
Where are the Reese's Pieces?
Chuck's wrinkly pug face makes the E.T. costume top notch.
CHUCK
Chuck phone home.
You couldn’t shave the beard?
I vibe with Chuck✌
Two things. One chuck is adorable and two you look like jacksepticeye
Well, pugs are aliens. This works.
Phone bone
This is the best thing I have seen on Reddit ever
E.T. bone home 🦴
We’re currently trying to name our 2nd son that will be born in April. I like the name Elliot, but my husband keeps going El-Eeee-OT. I can’t unhear it after he’s said it half a dozen times. I’m now moving on to Team Chuck.
That's one proud boy!

He's about that halloween life...
i watched this film to many times as a child, mostly because it was the only vhs around
That's awesome!
Wonder how many redditors havent seen E.T. and don't know your costume
Nailed it
Did it work? Did you get Gobo home?
He pose
Nice one!!
Here’s your medal 🥇
Best. Costume. Ever!!!

Hope that baby gets some treats, love and snuggles later.
You kinda look like me, I know I have a lot of doppelgangers, do you hear that as well?
This is adorable
You have a pug chuck??? I have a pug chuck!
He looks so devoted to the role, just like “This is what I was made for”
I love this
It’s all fun and games until chuck’s pug noises turn to proper speech and his paw glows
I know this guy! Went to college with him. He makes funny videos and parody videos with his pug, Chuck. Glad to see his work enjoyed on reddit =)
My mom thought it was a cinnamon roll
Tell Chuck that I’d die for him
I hope you get 100k upvotes
Solid take on if Elliott grew up to be a hipster. That beard would take some dedication.
Take my upvote
Love it!!
Wonder who has more difficulty breathing on Earth: E.T. or Chuck.
the goodest boy
You can't fool me, that's really an alien
Who’s the pug
Love this!
Please give him treats and tell him he is a very good boy.
Wa
Legit thought op was jacksepticeye
Wasn't it a Mandela effect that E.T. now says "home phone" instead of "phone home"?
Pug lookin like the quiet kid when he hears the teacher talking about guns
lose the beard and you got a doppleganger
You remind me of Tom Green's character in the movie Stealing Harvard. Great costume, Chuck looks awesome!!
when i saw you i had to recheck the subreddit because i thought you were jacksepticeye for a second.
Hey I grew up with you, same elementary and high school, didn't know you had a reddit!
Hows things been?
Art.
Hell yeah. Thought it was jacksepticeye for a sec
Looks like Sive after stealing Maya
I’d watch this reboot of a boy and his alien pug.
The resemblence is uncanny:)
Nice E.T. scene out there. Did they remaster it?
GJ.

You're lookin' more Steve Smith vs Elliot... :D  Maybe the pug can be Roger in one of his persona's?
Elliott was never that hairy!
ET phone home
So are you going to "Up Chuck" for Halloween?
Awesome costume. Would totally tune in to watch this remake.
Let's be honest, this is you everyday, because why on earth not?
Et phone home
Cute
For a second, i tought you were PewDiePie with Maya
ET PHONE HOMEEEEEEEEE *touches pointer finger to pugs paw*
ET go home.
Is it just me who thinks he looks like Jacksepticye?
🤣  Perfectly absurd! You both made my week!
You Look like Erik
Hmmm
Pro tip: if you go bar hopping with this outfit, you can definitely sneak alcohol under ET in easily
This is really great.
Authentic!

Good job.
Love it!
I love you both!
Low effort, high quality.  Best kind of costume.
It make sense now
Chuck’s costume is excellent - well done, Chuck - but I don’t remember Elliott having a beard & glasses
Chuck is awesome
Chuck! Chuck is the perfect pug name!
Sir you look like jacksepticeye
Hehe
Eliot didn’t have a beard. Go all in, bruh.
I love Chuck but I also love the accidental Robert Pattinson in Good Time cosplay.
I thought you were Michael Stevens (VSauce) and I got excited
Next year you can be Alexander Ovechkin
This is pure and wholesome!
Not bad, definitely a creative choice
Elliott costume, check. Bicycle with milk crate, check. Pug, Chuck.
Uhhh, I am sick of Among Us memes now!
ET and the Unabomber? Is this some fan fiction or something?
This is incredible
😍😍
"bone home...."
What does pug mean?
https://youtu.be/u9g0U-M2McQ
Chuck calls home
Yeah deffo E.T. related...
Red sus
I hope Henry Thomas sees this. (I have read rumors — uncorroborated, as rumors tend to be — that he's a secret Redditor.)
I thought this was jacksepticeye and he stole pewdiepies pug.......
BEST TINDER PIC OF 2020!
Great costume.
Much cuter than E.T the walking California Raisin.
Bro, I don't want to alarm you... but I don't think that's your pug, Chuck. That looks like an extraterrestrial.
Best ever.
What are you going as Pewdiepie’s Brad with Felix’s dog?
The dog is more committed than the guy on the bike who couldn't be bothered to shave his beard for the sake of the costume.
I thought for sure this was going to be an MIB costume before clicking, but this is ten times better!
Nice
CHUCK, PHONE HOME
Ggg
Is the costume called "Paul Krugman bikes with his dog in the cold?"
Kuwahara made a BMX ET special edition back in the day wish I still had mine, they are worth a few Bob now
That’s fantastic!
If a pug chuck could chuck pug how much pug would a pug chuck chuck?
Hey, that's Brad stealing Maya from Pewds!
"Bowwwwwwch."
Bravo!  Perfect!!  😂
Chuck for President!!!
Not to be dramatic but I would DIE for chuck!!!
Nice but you should also find a good costume for that guy in red!
Not to say anything bad about Chuck because he's most definitely a good boy, but it kinda looks like he's been dabbling in the cocain ~_~
Is the pug the food for grandma?
Shoulda borrowed a char pei.
That's so awesome!!!
I thought it was jack and Edgar
The beard doesnt go.
I love this!
E.T. 2020!!   we all grow older eventually when we try to phone home!!!
Thats lit
Wholesome content. Can confirm.
I love it
This is what I’m going as! My dog too!
That's awesome lol
I’m a 100% framing this
Oh man. Put a smile on my face. Cute dude! If i could upvote more than once i would lol.
Your Mandalorian armor is wack
Chuck is the perfect name for that pug!
Effing LOVE this!!!
This is my favorite so far this year
So great!
Chuck E. T. or ChuckiE.T.? What a noble beast
Ayyyy I have a pug and a boarding pug. That's hilarious.
LMAO I had same idea for my cat
Dopeness!!!!!!
That is so freaking cool! Made me laugh!
WidePepoBlanket
ChuckEt
No one would've ever found that out without the name
I’d take a bullet for Chuck
A.K.A how you look when you're at walmart on saturday.
Thank you
Adorable!!
it’s... it’s *perfect* :’3
The pug fits in perfectly for this photo. What a great idea!
ET GO HOME
10/10. If this isn't your Tinder profile pic you've failed yourself!
You won Halloween.
He makes a very convincing ET
Please tell him that I love him. Peas
ETs stunt double
hey that’s my friend!! proud of you (and Chuckles)
Godamn I loved ET
Combo cute!
So super cool. Looks like you are about to lift off.😊
Nice
Brilliant.
Chuck wore it best!
Fortman, is that you...?
Dude this photo..! Both of your reactions are like you’re about to go on quite the adventure!
You're like the new inspiration of a Dr. Seuss' Oh The Places You Will Go. :) Cheers to you both!
I dont even care if you put her down in it.
Just!! Yes!!
Just!! Yes!!
His name is chuck, and he wants to fuck!
His name is chuck, and he wants to fuck!
His name is chuck, and he wants to fuck!
His name is chuck, and he wants to fuck!
His name is chuck, and he wants to fuck!
Chuck Versus The Extra Terrestrial
You have a pug chuck??? I have a pug chuck!
You have a pug chuck??? I have a pug chuck!
You have a pug chuck??? I have a pug chuck! .
I love Chuck.
I love Chuck.
P.U.G phone home
Chuck is a good sport.
Chuck looks like he should play Double Pug Switch
Give me the pug
Halloween is my brother s birthday
Don't buy pugs. Cool pic tho.
Chuck: I'm gonna woof my throat out today
Chuck looks so majestic.. I love that little handsome man!
Chuck is good boy
omg i love chuck
Pugs are abominations ong
It's just perfect
You Sir are a scholar and a gentleman! Give chuck some love from South Africa.

Edit: scholar and gentleman for taking in Chuck and giving him a home, not sure why I am getting downvoted for a compliment....
You look like VSauce lol
This is so great!! Thank you!!
And the OSCAR goes too.......
Neat
 • -
Fucking chuck, love the name and costume.
Brilliant 😂😂
Wonderful! Nothing fancy. Just a simple, great idea. I love it.
Ok so I’m gonna need an IG account name please. I shall follow you on all your adventures chuck!!!
Ya but have you every seen a pugs skull tho
I'm not sure which one's the pug
You look a bit like jacksepticeye.
Has anybody ever told you that you look like jacksepticeye?
So good!
I made Chuck an Instagram so everyone can keep up with him! It’s @Pugnamedchuckles hope to see you there!!
I love pugs
Chuck call home!
Hell yeah for inbred highly unhealthy dog breeds.
Count Dankuka
I love Chuck
You win Halloween. Also I would die for Chuck.
fucking incredible.
A beautiful thing.
I love the fact that your pug is named Chuck
The greatest thing ever! 🐱
Thank you for putting a smile on my face today
Ha ha, you are so cute together 😁💕
If Chuck creates a religious, I will join
Chuck looks very Polite
Chuck
My name is Chuck and I approve of this pug.
How much wood could your pug Chuck chuck, if your pug Chuck could chuck wood?
He has such a noble look, haha. I love chuck!
So cute
Doggo phone home
This is god-tier Reddit
Chuck gets the prize!! He’s adorable. So glad you adopted him and love him. ❤️
this is fucking fantastic and Chuck is the best name for a pug i have ever heard
Halloween is aponus
WORD awesome
As much as that movie terrifies me, this is awesome.
That is a freaking adorable picture! 

It also brought back a lot of memories.
It's so comforting knowing people still know how to used words like "costume" instead of trying to invdnt new words like "cosplay" that mean the same fucking thing.
Chuck can’t breathe
Teach it to do a nazi salute then take it to Scotland on Halloween, you'll frighten the hell out of their police XD
Ah I wish I had all the awards to give! This pic earwormed me with the soundtrack for this scene haha
I love that your pug's name is Chuck!
Dude, this is awesome.
😂😂 Brilliant
Adorable!!!! ❤️
Omg this is the best! ❤️
Why do you like Brad (pewdiepie’s old editor) who just stole Mia.
BAHAAHAHAHA I WISH I HAD AWARD FOR YOU!! WELL FOR HIM BUT ALSO YOU LOL

My son wants like 10 pugs when hes older ahahah
This looks like a scene in a Wes Anderson movie.
Brachycephalic dogs are fucking horrendous - condemned to a life of suffering because some people think they look 'cute.'
This is awesome.
So many levels of cute
Cutest ET on the internet!
ET!! I love it! Your dog is soooo cute!!!
OMG! Is this cute or what?! I can’t stop laughing! Chuck has got the look! They both look so determined.
Brilliant!!! Lol!
Please tell Charles that I think he is very handsome
I don't like pugs at all, but this is adorable.
Very cute. Please be careful, though. If chuck were my dog I wouldn’t let you do this.
I hope that poor thing breathes good... Nothing good about that. Redditors being braindead animals again
People please don’t purchase pugs. The breed needs to end. It’s fucked
Thank you.  Your pug has the sweetest face and I bawled  because of your story...
makes me sad that people selectively bread dogs to make an abomination that looks like an actual alien. cute costume tho
makes me sad that people selectively bread dogs to make an abomination that looks like an actual alien. cute costume tho
10/10
Awesome!!!!!
I would do that every year!
MIB next year?
So funny. It works actually!!
This has my vote for best Halloween costume ever! 😍
I’d love to do this costume but I have a Great Dane
😂😂😂😂😂😉
Best ET I have seen except the real ET in the film. 😍
This looks like Jacksepticeye
This is adorable! Side note: the photo quality is amazing, good job to whoever took it
He looks noble like an adventurer thinking about space exploration.
Can you give me an idea for me and my dog
Give chuck a lightsaber
I love this sooooo much!
I need to spread the word. On 25th of December we are all going to go to the r/nomads sub and mass downvote every thing. Spread the word
ET Chuck!!
This is hilarious
The fact that its Chuck the pug, kills me <3
I am absolutely terrified of E. T.
I don't know you but we're getting married. Just you wait!
[deleted]
Pmsl
