I remember my first goal in hockey. My mom would show up to every game, which is a feat considering most I’ve hockey games growing up were between 4am - 7am, most parents did carpool situations. 

I wasn’t a great player, was pretty good on defense and a fast skater but my stick handling was below average, so scoring goals was rarely presented to me. 

But the one game my mom stayed home? Scores my first Goal. . .And my second goal.

Edit: for everyone shocked by the 4am game times. Ice times is super super expensive and very competitive between lots of different organizations. Early games is pretty normal.
Is that Phil Collins from trailer park boys sitting to his left?
That's crazy the kid got all the way to the nhl before scoring a goal
He doesn't look old enough to have a grown up son to be fair 😂
Damn, is he a hockey player himself? He looks buff as hell. Cute moment too!
That guy is a meat mountain.

*Edit: well...thanks for making this my highest upvoted comment by far. For additional context, I'm 6'5" and 320 myself, but this guy relegated me to a meat foothill.*

*Edit 2: and gold to boot. You know how to make a big guy feel special.*
That’s so sweet.  Imagine how he will feel when the kid gets it in the other teams goal.
Channing Tatum really did age well
Dad is a bruiser.
My father's reaction to me being 6 years old: aight, imma head out
Man this is so old the Jake's contract is up and he's looking to get resigned haha... Debrusk is a Boston Bruin, that's his dad who also played in the NHL... For more wholesome content he did an on ice father and son interview.

In other news is there like a cycle for reposting old stuff on Reddit - we love the same shit over and over
I still remember my daughter's first goal at her 2nd Lil NHL tourney. She's a quiet kid and took some time getting used to  team sports but that first goal and her excitement was honestly the best. I'll never forget it and we still have the puck. She tries hard every single time she hits the ice and I'm extremely proud of her.
Yeah I'll never make my dad this proud. He didn't even shed a tear when I got diamond league in overwatch.
Why is he sitting next to that mustard tiger?
He only looks about 27 himself!
Would love to see his reaction when the kid actually scored.
Guy on the right: "Whaddya lookin at my gut for?"
Those women literally look like the word “Britney”
r/happycryingdads would love this
As long as I’ve seen this that kid might be retired and moved into coaching by now.
Holy hell, what an absolute unit.
His parents are like 4 years older than him..
the dad is built like an M1 Abrams
Bro when did channing tatum adopt a hockey player
I know nothing about hockey so when I saw the guy crying and it cut to his son being a full grown man I lost it lmao
I can't believe this dude is almost 50.
wait he’s a dad? How old is he?! Jesus... that my friends is some prime DILF right there. Lawd jezus
Either he’s just a super emotional fan or his kid is somehow as old as he is.
That guy must have always won the, “my dad could totally beat up your dad,” arguments.
Wait. So dad isn’t the rookie? Dude looks crazy young
Id always be crying if my son played for Boston.
wow, all the way to the NHL without scoring a goal.
Bruh how is the whole family so attractive 😂
His father seems like a man who is a fan of Pilsners one that would have the thrills for the pills.
Not gonna lie the dude looked young enough that  under the scope of his sons first goal my mind imagined a child playing little league and ignored the fact he was in a stadium until it showed his son was full grown man
Cries in Canadian.
Thats looks like a young father to have a son in the NHL. Maybe he just takes care of himself well
That’s the dad? I hope I age that gracefully. Honestly, though, this is so sweet!
Look at this absolute unit of a man. Shedding the manliest tears over his sons accomplishments
A very touching strongman.
I love this. Hockey takes a ton of commitment from players and parents. Competitive leagues require early morning practices and a lot of travel.
He's got into the NHL before scoring? No one talking about how impressive that is?
Jake DeBrusk's dad? Yep, Jake DeBrusk's dad. Isn't this video like 3ish years old now?
Louie DeBrusk (the father) had a decent enough NHL career of his own and clearly kept up in the gym. Still a human excuse for a mountain 

His penalty minute totals are a riot 

1161 minutes in 401 games
[deleted]
 He could have easily be mistaken as an older brother.
Those girls.
Jake Debrusk’s first goal 🥺
Cant imagine what that feels like. Good for him.
He kinda looks like that actor from Pitch Perfect, just.. meatier shoulders or something lol
My oldest is only three, but there's not really much better than that feeling.
Why does he look like Curt Russel when he was in Miracle?
Meaty Chris Isaak loves his son what can he say.
Damn did he have his kid when he was 15?
Dude that dad is my age. Did he have his son at 13?
https://youtu.be/C8av0dvYbE8 Here’s the goal if anyone is interested. Jake DeBrusk is his the player.
Holy shit I expected it to be a kid. That father is young looking lol.
DILF
Al Bundy scored FIVE touchdowns for Polk High and he never changed underwear and he snagged Peggy.
DeBrusk’s mom is a rocket
You would think he would have scored at least one goal before he made it to the NHL. 

Edit to add that this is obviously a joke. Lighten up people.
I was all happy til I saw those Boston jerseys. 

Lol jk this is so cute. As a Canuck, no matter the team (even Boston or vegas), I think we can all appreciate this.
Never knew I could find a man hot....well shit.
Thats wholesome and right there its perfectly ok to cry
Is it weird that I feel this way every time my girlfriend tells me she's completed another term of her Masters in Psychology?  


I'm just really fucking proud of her.
I was expecting son to be much, much younger. Dad looks terrific.
Ah yes a proud father... Never had one before
i mean cry all u want dude. you worked your ass off to get your kid here. if that doesn’t warrant some water works, what does?
This hurts my orphaned gay heart.
Does anyone else think he looks like Adam Demamp from Workaholics?
Is that Philadelphia Collins??
Damn, he got seats right next to Phil Collins from Trailer Park Boys. I'd be a little star struck and choked up as well.
commenting so I see this again
zoom in on the mom instead, damn
This must be the opposite of toxic masculinity
Holy shit, this dad racked up 1161 penalty minutes in his hockey Career. That’s fuckin nuts. If you were to look up “meat” in the dictionary, you’d see this guy.
I was at this game! It was a special moment for sure!
Ferda
I like the one of the grandpa seeing his grandson score. He’s fighting back tears and eating popcorn.
Goalkeeper's father's like 😐
Sweet Jesus! Phil Collins lives!!!
Wheel snipe celly son
I wish I make my dad this proud someday..
Ya winning son
All the time spent driving his son to tournaments and buying gear and dealing with sport injuries is paying off.
Who brought the rocket, boys?
Hah, that shrug that men do when they cry is strangely universal and adoring
The fact that he isn’t cold in that hockey arena is more incredible to me. 
Those rooms get cold as shit.
In awe at the size of the dad
That’s a young looking dad
People who have supportive parents like this. How does this honestly feel? I can count the amount of times my parents told me "good job" on one hand.
He made it to the NHL without scoring a single goal?
Is this guy’s picture in the dictionary next to the word “DILF”?
When did they have that kid!? They’re you g AF
That’s a young dad to have a pro hockey player man!
This is too wholesome 😭
That father looks... young.
Mom decides to laugh and chat with her friend and then start taking selfies LOL
/r/hawwkey
Let it out big fella. It’s alright.
Is that his sister or his mom? New mom? Auntie? Dad also only looks like 10 years older than him lol must be those good genes
I remember when I first saw the replay for this. Choked me up then and still does. Anyone who has seen their kids excel at something has felt this. It's the best feeling in the world imo.

A song that captures this feeling for a mom and dad, especially for the hockey fans is "Roots" by the Reklaws. 

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kzRIKFnRQwg](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kzRIKFnRQwg)
Imagine raising a kid and for them to achieve something like this, no matter what field its in.
Is that Philadelphia Collins?!
This dad looks to be about my age. That scares me. His kid is playing in a pro league, right? Good god I feel old.
That’s a big dude!
Did he play hockey or football?! 
Don’t watch hockey.
My son wheels

My son snipes

My son cellys

Dirty fuckin dangles boys
that's a big dog jesus. bet no one fucked with his kids when they were kids.
Dads coach their kids, guiding them, teaching them, out there early in the morning helping them practice, seeing them succeed and finally making it to the big leagues... they score, turn to the camera and say, "Hi mom!"
That's Louie DeBrusk, he is a former NHL player himself, and a sports analyst for Sportsnet. His son Jake was the young gun who scored. This was in the 2017-18 season I believe. He's a decent player.
bloody hell thats a young father
What a Chad.
His sisters could care less lol
How I wish...
Apropos to absolutely nothing, the first thing that popped in my head after watching this was a snippet from a criminally underappreciated movie:

> Breakfasts come and go, Rene, but Hartford, "the Whale," they only beat Vancouver once, maybe twice in a lifetime. 

RIP, Whalers.
Doesn’t matter if it’s his first day in the NHL or first day of hockey, Dad’s (and Mom’s too) react the same way.
It's amazing his son made it all the way to the NHL without ever scoring a single goal, but its great that he was able to do it!
and hes sitting next to Philadelphia Collins
My son isn't s athlete, but he is an avid free Lego builder. He asked me if he could do the competitions. He is 7 now, with ADHD and Atypical Autism, so ANYTHING he is interested in, that may help him meet other kids and socialize I'm all for. The first time he placed he was so proud of himself he started to dance in front of everyone. 

Proudest fuckin day of my life.
This dude looks like he’s 30. Did he have this kid at age 12?
damn, that is one lucky guy, looks, skill, smoking hot wife, pro hockey playing son and I presume lots of money.
I would consider myself an athletic person, but I wasn't a good basketball player growing up. When I was younger, there was one game where I made my first basket. My dad was so proud he took me and my entire team out for lunch after the game. I actually had teammates who bullied me after because the reaction seemed so out of place. But then again, they couldn't understand how it felt to not be that good but then score and contribute to the team since they would always score a lot of points (relative to our age group).
I'm more impressed that the guy made it into a professional league without ever scoring a goal up to that point.
Frickin' gigachad if ever I've seen one.
This actually makes me so sad he’s like going through a moment and trying to console himself with the woman next to him... and she does not give a sh*t about him 😂🥺💔
When i see proud fathers of theirs sons on sports I always think about the other side. This video exemplify:

https://youtu.be/Tlc7kbbUJfs
Must be awesome having great genetics in life.
Made it all the way to the NHL without ever scoring a goal eh? Nepotism at its finest.
Everyone keeps talking about the dad. I want to know if the woman next to him is the kids mom.  Wowsa.
Okay fine but this man is the single worst commentator of all time
Gotta have quite a lot of distain for those women to the left. Completely self absorbed and self important and oblivious.
Father: it brings a tear to my eye everytime

Mother: I'd better tweet about this.
I love the differences in reaction here. The lady's next to him are all " blah blah blah, look at this insta of my breakfast!" and the guy is literally crying with the pride of his offspring's accomplishments.
I like how the girls next to him are too self-absorbed to pay attention to what he's saying.
Awwwwwl the feels
Huh I didn’t know the Crimson chin had a son
I was figuring the son was about 4 or 5, then they showed him and he's a grown-ass MAN! It was his first PROFESSIONAL goal. Still a great moment for Dad, but I was geared up for something else.
[deleted]
Incredible that his son made it all the way to the NHL before ever scoring a goal! Inspiring!
Wait, how did this guy get on to a pro hockey team without scoring any goals? Is he a goalie?
"damn, that guy used to live in my balls, now he's scoring goals in the NHL"
You gotta be fucking GOOD to get on a professional hockey team without scoring a single goal.
That’s precious
What has this sub come to? Who gives a shit about these people, I wanna see cats and snakes
Real men cry ❤️❤️❤️❤️
who knew Louie DeBrusk was such a softie!
That's wholesome as fuck,
[deleted]
Damn is that blondie next him his wife making her the players mom....nice looking mom brah
I remember my first goal in hockey. My mom would show up to every game, which is a feat considering most I’ve hockey games growing up were between 4am - 7am, most parents did carpool situations. I wasn’t a great player, was pretty good on defense and a fast skater but my stick handling was below average, so scoring goals was rarely presented to me. But the one game my mom stayed home? Scored my first goal. And the second. Came home to tell her, but apparently it wasn't a good time, my dad promptly turned off the TV, brought me back to my room and beat me with jumper cables, and for years after that I was constantly scared to ever score a goal again.
Lemme guess canada?
I want to know who the two smokin hot babes are next to him.
But jesus christ those girls are fine tho!
[deleted]
I sure hope they pay hockey players enough to buy his mom and sister (girlfriend?) new pants....
He's tearful because he's just realised he's married to a superficial airhead, who's reaction to his sons first goal is to check her Instagram.
Dad's girlfriend(s) are full on smokeshows.
[deleted]
I guess this is pre covid?
[deleted]
I realize as a parent now that when our kids play sports it's so stressful because you want them to succeed so much because you know what it means to them. This isnt exclusive to sports either but anything they work hard for.
Guy looks alittle like mario lemieux.
Absolutely love moment's like this - really show the true connection we have as humans. Politics, religion, science and all that other stuff aside, deep down we all just want to be happy for one another.
Insert that tiktok “I’m gonna fuck your dad” sound here.
that father looks so young, I thought this was gonna be a middle school game at first, then I noticed the score ticker top left; then I figured the father became a father in middle school.
My thought progression: Whose son? That guy? What is his kid like 10? Wait...this is the NHL? Fuck I'm old.
"That's my boy"
Wow
My dad told me to be an aspiring pitcher but then took every ball away from me to practice outside with because I was annoying to him.  

Thanks dad for all the depression!
It took me at least 5 minutes to realize it was a loop
A proud father? That must be nice
Louis was an awesome Oiler at one time.
Really it’s amazing for parents
That’s a great father. He’s so proud.
I was waiting for his reaction for his actual goal only to realise 3 loops later it was a gif
Dude looks like he's 35, and he's got a son old enough to be in the NHL?
[deleted]
He's a Proud one
That’s beautiful can wait for my dad to celebrate mine in a few years
Definitely looks like his son plays hockey haha aww
Such a better reaction than those dad's that just scream at their son's to do better.
[removed]
I thought the kid would be like 10 or something lol 

Still nice and wholesome af
As a father I feel this man's happiness. Feels good man.
Can someone link the clip of Jake telling his dad he loves him during an on-ice interview? That is just as adorable and heartwarming.
son's first goal, dad's first public display of emotion.
Get back in their tere!
He looks like his hobbies include Pilsners and proposing to Amy Santiago.
Made me smile
This is perfect for r/happycryingdads
Ok, that puts a smile on my face
Me when my son wins his first duel in the post apocalyptic wastelands in 2050, and we feast on the brains of his opponents and drink wine brewed from cactus.
Chonky Channing Tatum
Put this up there with [Jake Guentzel's family](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KcFpAzfDY8s&t=11s). Love it.
r/happycryingdads
He also played in the nhl , Louie de brusk
Now that is absolute pride, and to be honest I get the feeling his son didn’t need to get the goal to have it but it’s nice all the same
Is that Bryce Walker?
I feel this big time.

When my youngest won his first wrestling tournament, I just about broke down. Onion-cutting city.
I was looking for the father until the video looped itself. He looks so darn young
Thanks for making me cry on an Tuesday morning lol
As someone who was (and still is) neglected to oblivion by his father, this hits deep within me
I expected the son to be playing pee-wee hockey. 

The father does not look very old
I wish my father was proud of me
Proud Papa.
A DILF if I've ever seen one.
Anyone got the footage of the actual goal?
Any Trailer Park Boys fans out there notice Philadelphia Collins sitting next to him?
I know this is touching  but check out the rockets boys.
Dang Adam Devine got yuuuge 💪
Damn he’s sexy
Where's the cat?
r/absoluteunits
Mega Chad dad
Love this. My kid races karts and gets the occassional win, so I can relate.
The father is the old guy on the right...
r/happycryingdads would like a word with you.
He was just happy his investment had paid off
Is he really young or really rich?
This is me snowboarding with my kids. Makes me happy/weepy every time.
It's good, but I was really hoping for his reaction when the goal was scored, not the aftermath.
r/happycryingdads
He looks young enough to be in there himself...jeez he must’ve had that kid at 15 or something
r/happycryingdads
I get that feeling!
Did Dad have him at age 10 or something? Dude looks like he’s 30
Because raising a good kid is hard as fuck, fight me. This guy is a winner if his kid will be a good person in his life.
Those women on the left look like the same person copy and pasted
Should get the clip of him standing an cheering when Jake got on his first fight in the same game!
r/happycryingdads
*sniff*

"No, it's alright."

*thinks to self, he came from my balls*

[Source](https://youtu.be/7JntjD2gIDw)
Love this so much
I feel sorry for any guy that would mess with his daughters lol
This just makes me warm inside.
This is great. I still have the trophy my parents gave me when I scored my first goal. It was all the sweeter because I’m a goalie lol
thats right man also have emotions.
Did he have that kid when he was 10?
Bro is that philadelphia collins next to him????
r/happycryingdads
Having a dad looks nice.
Every dad dreams of moments like that.
Not gonna lie- I was hoping for the bald guy to jump up and down.
this is just so amazing
https://youtu.be/C8av0dvYbE8

Full clip
Ngl I'd probably cry like a big ole bitch to if my son went pro and got his first goal 🤧
Finally something to aww at
I knew VideoCopilot.net is a successful business but damn, Andrew Kramer really let himself go.
That guys body is Johnny Bravo incarnate
Used to play mini hockey with jake debrusk at his house no cap
r/happycryingdads
r/happycryingdads
Geez, it’s hard to see how big some hockey players actualy are with their big jerseys.
Looks like the type of dude that knows *exactly* how much his kid can bench press.
Damn, someone hug him already
Dude next to him is in a coma
This is so sweet
throw is the first time I’ve seen a human on here. very nice
Damn this guy is huge.
I wish my family showed up to graduation lol
Ex-oiler
Is that his daughter or his wife next to him?

Important questions need answers people.
Dreams and hard work realized. Beautiful moment.
Proudness is such a pure, beautiful feeling.
Wilford Brimley big chillin
[deleted]
Proud father!
When son is winning
Damn that’s a hot daddy
This was so sweet -- and that guy is built like a brick house!
Frat dad
Hopefully he buys his mom a new pair of jeans
True father mate
I knew you had a soft heart, swol man
Jay Cutler
Damn made it the NHL without ever scoring a goal.
Damn allergies.  Even at the hockey rink!
holly shit boys... i think i spotted the mustard tiger... its that greasy bastard Phil Collins... spotted in the wild!
This is so precious. Made my day
Oh...I’m crying too now??
The dad needs to stay far away from Hill House
r/happycryingdads
*sniff* you used to live in my balls, man
Damn that feel when you're so proud of your kid.
Or a bug flew in his eye
Good man
How’d his son make it to the NHL without scoring a goal until now?
This reminded me of [this video](https://youtu.be/Pfzc3UHN2qY). If you watch to the end his dad somehow managed to get past security and onto the pitch to celebrate when his son scores. His dad isn’t even Welsh either. Just delighted for his son.
Proud papa, wholesome af
That's shit
Great!
Dad need to put the roids down.
Talk about an Enforcer.
Just cry, man. You're nothing less of a man if you just cry.
Love this!
respect %1000
Daddy DeBrusk in the house
The first year my son played baseball, I cried every time he was at bat. It's the most mom thing that's ever happened to me. I love that kid.
this was me last night picking up spawn v1.0 from her first day of work.
Wholesome
Is that Philadelphia Phil Collins?
This is a look of a father who was at every hockey game growing up and finally seeing his sons hard work pay off for him.
Fuck Jake DeBrusk
Lucky kid.
That mother though...
Dude looks like a 50/50 blend of Channing Tatum and Dave Koechner.

Also, this is adorable.
The guy to the right looks like Philadelphia Collins from r/trailerparkboys
Is their a category for videos of proud dads reacting
❤️❤️❤️
I wish my parents went to my games.
Dad looks like a kid himself holy shit I hope I age like that
He lives in a trailer park?
I'd figure a stu-stu-studio apartment
r/happycryingdads
I'm not crying. You're crying.
thats good and all but Fuck Boston , go Bolts!
That's one chunky father.
Is that Philadelphia Collins next to him?
If Joe Swanson was a real person.
So that's what a father's love looks like. Looks nice
Mom doesn't give a shit.....????
PHILADELPHIA COLLINS ISN'T DEAD?
Damn I just got choked up. Now that's a real man and I will do the same for every one of my sons big accomplishments.
So he never scored when he was younger?
He looks exactly like a sports dad who excelled in Icehockeyin his youth and now wants his son to be the same. He is probably a coach too !
r/absoluteunit

Man, he's built bigger than his kid!  Lol
Quality post
Wish i had a dad like that
Nobody's linked to r/hawwkey yet? Wow.
Ya big puff dad
Are those his sisters ? Goddamn
Wow Kyle Gas from tenacious D has let himself go a bit *look to his right*
"That's my boy. Man, who is chopping onions in here? Weird..."
So glad I woke up to see this, good way to start a day!
Aww
I'll never get over seeing Big Lou cry with pride. It's so sweet!
dream as a poppa!
Anyone know what watch he's wearing?
I remember my first goal. I never saw it go in. Didn't even know I scored until the other guys on the ice raised their sticks.
Louie!
Aw 🥺🥰
r/happycryingdads
Nice athletic and incredibly attractive family
Is that guy from Minnesota? 'Cause that is the most Minnesota- looking man i've ever seen.
As a mom of a former youth hockey player. Those are tears well earned.
I worked with some of those old school fighters a few years back, Louie being one of them. He once had to take a leak, and instead of going to the closest bathroom, which may have locked him out, or going a longer way which wouldn’t have locked him out, he decided to piss off a catwalk, onto the roof of the luxury suite below. Would have hated to be the person to find that “leak”.

Brent Severyn was one of my favorites. I was a younger kid working with much older guys, so the relationships I had with some of these guys was more relaxed and fun. We were messing around all game when I said something smart-ass to him. Looked at me, and with a straight face, said “you know I used to beat people up for a living...”. Was both serious and not serious at the same time. It was a great line. We laughed about it the next time I worked with him.
His dad looks like he bends girders for a living
The guy on the right is not impressed
ITT: Hot wife!
Also ITT: Those are his daughters
Lets pour one out to our fathers, our dads and our pops.
That bald guy in the grey shirt looks more like the dad
Jesus what a ludicrously photogenic family!
Hockey?
young dad
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3WSyT9NhUpg

Here's dad in 1992
He kinda looks like Stan from American Dad
r/happycryingdads
Proud father! Congrats dad ya boy is gonna be great!! 😊
Chad dad
Awwwwwww :,)
Gay af
Someone find the intermission interview between him and his son. It would also fit this sub because he ends it with "love you dad"
I love that the woman sitting next to him totally ignores him for a good five seconds. Kinda telling
Kinda melodramatic, but I get it.
The guy next to him cracks me up.
As a Canuck I find this post very very bitter sweet...
I'm pretty sure I would cry too if I witnessed my son making it to a multi-million dollar **major league** team.
That's a priceless moment to a father like him. I bet he's a great father. 😊
r/happycryingdads
That's awesome luck getting to be there in the crowd while hes playing and he scores his first. This is great, I cannot imagine the emotions. I would be melting down I am sure.
that guy on the right in the grey looks like a cool dude
Awwww....this is sweet.
Proud daddy tears! 💙💙💙💙
Is that Nick Lachey?
Same reaction when my boy tells me he's done his times tables. He's 28 years old
That dad looks young af. Good genes
Jesus, he’s built like a brick shitter
MMMMMMMMMILFF
This dad an absolute U N I T
Strong men also cry....strong men also cry
Wish my Dad was like that.....
Jake Debrusk.. I remember watching this live. #boston
I think he said "Oh wow.. wow, that right there was a beautiful goal..."
I relate so well only my sons were pretty big into high school wrestling...I had many moments like this at their matches.  Now...I appreciate the memory even more.
Never scored a goal but is on TV lmao
He is so young looking -- did he have the kid when he was 10 years old?
He looks like nama jeff
My dad went to every hockey game i played growing up except one and I score my first goal during that game. I also scored my second.
Louis DeBrusk is a great announcer and commentator. Super jacked too man what a boss 8)
This was his son's professional goal in the NHL.
The internet needs way more posts like this
Is he sitting next to Philadelphia Collins?
I wish I had a nurturing and sports ecosystem like that during school and college.
I recently just started playing  in an adult D league. I never played before and could barely skate. 4th game in and I scored my first goal, the amount of joy I experienced simply cannot be measured. Now I just wanna keep the points coming!
that's amazing
My son scored 4 touchdowns in one game in middle school. I've never seen my husband cry that much. A father's pride in his son is a beautiful thing.
I will never forget hitting my first non Little League home run. First game senior year and I crushed it, best hit ball of my life. I remember seeing my dad glowing amongst the other dads. After the game he pulled out his wallet and game me a tiny folded up $100 bill that he apparently promised me years ago that has been hiding in his wallet. I've never been more proud of myself.

The next at bat, I played down the sweetest bunt while they all played slightly back. He later told me that he was happier that I did that than hitting my home run, but I was too elated with the former.
Nice job, Dad. Proud for ya boy and yous. 👍
.,.
Is that Phil from Trailer Park Boys sitting next to him????
Chad senior
Thoes two ladies acting the opposite of everything that matters in life, meanwhile in the next seat... 😂
It's amazing he went pro never scoring a goal before.
Can we talk about whats happening on BOTH sides of this dude for a minute?
This guy looks way too young to be that guys dad.
Too bad he is sitting alone in the stands - that blonde totally ignored him /s
Wow his wife looks like such a bimbo
the girls on the side tho
This is what the want to take from us.
And his wife just looking at her phone while the hubby is having a moment and talking to her 😏🙄
I know I'm supposed to think it's sweet but all I can think is NO MASK, RIGHT NEXT TO EACHOTHER, WHAT THE HELL ARE THESE PEOPLE DOING???
Sad. Parwnts living vicariously through their children are sad people.
Me: “Is that a human on r/aww?”
Also me: *barfing*
Who gives a shit!?
Why do women go to sporting events at all?  All they do is talk to their friends and look at their phones!  We had seats behind the dugout when Roy Haliday threw a no-hitter in Miami.  Chicks next to us were on their phones the whole time.
Meh. Those hockey dads are jerks.
Mcavoy
I realize I really don't get sports fans...
Man who became a professional hockey player can score goals.
In other news hitting a puck makes it move
Camera man did a great job cutting out the comatose potato next to him. Well done sir
Toxic masculinity
Too bad he's a white Male and thus undeserving of such a pleasant experience. Shouldn't have pro-created in the first place.
[removed]
90% chance that girl pulled out her phone to check instagram
or his daughter telling him that she pregnant with a guy that left her
SPORTS GAMES!!!
Hes crying with Joy. Because he just looked right and realized the two blondes are there with him...
I'm sorry, I'm just too busy gawking at that girl on his left.
How'd he go pro without scoring a goal before? That's really impressive.
[deleted]
That’s really Canadian
Guy looks EXTREMLY american
I don’t think I’ve seen a more American looking person
All these upvotes, are we upvoting for the emo dad or the two hotties? Because let’s be honest, they’re quite the looker. 

Crying dad is cute though.
You'd think he would have had a goal before he reached the NHL.
My boy got a total of one score in 7 years of pee wee football, and is still a great memory ten years later. Watching your kids play is 50 times more nerve wracking than watching your favorite pro team play.
It took his son that many years to make a goal? No wonder he cried. I don't know, maybe I'm bitter and jaded but this made me gag a bit. Like really?
Wait, how did this guy make it to the pros without ever scoring a goal?
im sure hes scored more if he is in the big leagues
How does his apparent age change as the video goes on?
val kilmer put on weight
He looks, so god damn American
In my life I only saw real and raw parents... The best memories of them were when they weren't there. I miss being a child, now I am an adult in a young man's body. Soon I will have the mentoring of my younger sister and maybe I can give her a better childhood..
the kid : "thanks mom"
Louis! He played pro too. Let him have his moment. Jake is a great player too!
Awesome that like to father love
Damn huh
Enough to make a grown man cry.
We stan a supportive papa.
