Dogs really are amazing
I promise I'm not trolling, but my first thought was that perhaps she is also a bit sad that she still can't touch him. I can't imagine the heartache she must feel.
Why does the dog have a rope around his face?  Just curious.
honest question here, what did autistic children do before screens were so accessible? I only ask this because the only autistic children I've met in my life in the last 10 years or so, have always been glued to a screen, whether a desktop computer or smartphone or tablet... what's that about
My oldest brother also has a special connection with animals. It's so good to see that
I can’t imagine the pain that mother must be going through. To never be able to even hug her son must be excruciating. I hope she is able to one day.
r/dogswithjobs
God, this made me tear up so bad.  I want to give that lady a hug.  You just know she would do anything for her son and is finally seeing some/more hope.  And that is a fine looking dog :)
Reddit titles are so weird. "has connected". It sounds like it just happened and this poster knows the people. This story is over four years old: https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3856812/The-heartwarming-moment-autistic-boy-5-hugged-finds-friend-wanted-service-dog.html
Why can't he be touched?
Once the boy gets comfortable with the dog then maybe,hopefully, he might let his mum touch him
ITT: Repeating rhe same questions over and over without reading the myriad of responses answering that exact question.
The love and comfort animals give us is really something else.
So sweet! Really want me a Golden Retriever. Good dogs!
Our (aspies/autism) need for safety is SO HIGH that it can be difficult to achieve when people don't grasp how much sensory input weighs on us; and often the strategies we have for dealing with it are formed before we can ask for help; and even when we DO ask for help, those who seek to help us cannot understand HOW different the same experience or situation for us is from their experience.

I wrote about this disconnect here: [https://www.quora.com/How-can-you-explain-autism-in-an-easy-to-understand-way/answer/Regis-Chapman-1](https://www.quora.com/How-can-you-explain-autism-in-an-easy-to-understand-way/answer/Regis-Chapman-1)

My aunt didn't speak for 9 years, to use one example.
As an autistic person, this feels like it's waaaaay overinterpreting what's going on here. It's not like *oh my goodness he's having an emotional connection for the first time ever!.* He's just content with physical touch from the dog and not from a human. That doesn't say anything at all about emotional connection. Is he utterly emotionally disconnected from his mom because he won't let her physically touch him? Why would he be? Is he suddenly now more emotionally connected with the dog because he will let it physically touch him? Why would he be?
As an autistic person, allow me to explain. He isn't afraid of being touched, he's likely overstimulated by it. He prefers physical contact from the dog, likely because it only touches him when he wants it to, and because of the way it feels. This also is likely not his first emotional connection, but it could be the strongest one he's had so far. I have the strongest connection with my cat, because she's always there when I need her. Good for him and his parents for getting a service animal, they're really life-savers.
4paws?
My son has atypical autism. The neuropsychologist suggested CPT & OT. They both recommended a service dog. I came from a home that had multiple dogs. My wife not to much. My wife is a incredible mom and would do anything for her kids. We got the dog. It bonds with the whole family, but it's like he knows (I get he is trained to know but it seems like second nature) that my son needs extra attention. I can't tell you how much this has helped my son.
I worked with a child in my classroom who had just got an autism dog. It was a friggin miracle unfolding before me. Truly, we don’t deserve such wondrous animals.
My son with autism does not like to be  hugged or kissed either. Or have his hand held etc. He is okay doing play fighting/wrestling with people he knows. 

But he loves to pet our bichon dog.
This boy is lucky. I'm an adult and I didn't realize I had autism until recently and it's really sad that there isn't any resources for adults.
To those asking why he can’t be touched. Some people with autism are hyper sensitive to being touched by other people even their own family. They feel touching or being touched as overwhelming sensations which create stress. The touches that are totally normal and healthy like someone coming and putting their hand on their shoulder or a hug from a parent or holding hands with another child are overwhelming sensations.
Is there any scenario where a dog is not the best pillow?
Everyone awwwwwing here should read the book *Dewey.*  There's a whole chapter on the way that cat interacted people kids who would never talk or smile and it will melt even the coldest, deadest heart.
The more I learn about people, the more I like my dog. ~ Mark Twain
Why is the dog “noosed”? Pardon my ignorance, if ever.
Alt title, mom cries after son's dog wins custody battle, restraining order pending
I'm trying to get this for my autistic son, all of the ones I have found have years long waiting lists. :(
If I could upvote twice I would do it 3 times
I'm with him. Dogs > people
The boy just doesn't like humans, nothing wrong with that. And, children aren't supposed to exist just to fulfill their parents' needs for affection. Autism teaches parents to show and accept love in different ways.

It ain't about you, parents! You made your choice.
A typical response for autistics. We bond with pets as there's no emotional requirment
I have a mild sensory disorder and mild autism, and in my low points when my brain feels on fire and I can't seem to slow down and take a breath, my dog saves me just laying there letting me cuddle and lay on him. We don't deserve dogs.
Stupid question but thought I’d toss it out here - 

Have kids been autistic for years? I never saw this “back in the day” but maybe it’s more like they weren’t diagnosed?
All of y’all are warming my heart! I’m on the spectrum, but I was a special education teacher in a autism unit. 

Y’all have no idea how much it means to me to see y’all’s kind words and experiences. Please remember to keep an open heart for those in my community! You are greatly appreciated.
As someone who is actually autistic, I really appreciate the representation of a happy autistic kid. So often people only only portray the negative
Looking at this picture, my first reaction was 'is she crying cause the dog is dead, and the little boy doesn't care?'
As an autistic adult, it's not that he cannot be touched. It is sensory PAIN and it is not fun or feeling like a touch at all. Unwanted contact is the worst. I love my cats and they love me because we both live by the rule of don't touch me unless invited to. A random person grabbing my arm is agony as it throws my brain right the fuck off. This boy is inviting contact which he can control and take at his own pace versus being given it without consent or control of the situation.
Can’t be touched huh?  That’s a pretty rad super power, but dangerous in the wrong hands. Thankfully extensive government testing has revealed his weakness to dogs, so we can rest easy knowing he can be defeated.
Parent of autistic child here, and this is always so beautiful to see. I learned last year that service dogs are great with autistic children and adults, especially when they are experiencing meltdowns. We welcomed a pup into our home earlier this year and timing could not have been better when quarantine hit. My son is a sensory seeker so he actually loves being touched, touching things,etc. How he has connected with our dog, the way he giggles when they’re cuddling up and rolling around brings me so much joy. It’s the best!
What would have happened to autistic kids 1000 years ago?

Not being an ass, seriously asking.
I don't believe in angels but damn service dogs are probably the closest thing we've got
I know that no one cares, but I am throughly convinced that that kid is my doppelgänger. He looks so much like me when I was little, he’s even autistic and doesn’t like being touched, (though he probably has it worse than I did), plus he bonded with a dog! He has the same haircut that I used to have, the same skin tone, the same nose, the same eyes/ eyebrows, the same pants without knees, hell he even has the same facial expression! If you told me that this was me, I would definitely believe you
Something in my eye again...

All the best for the family <3
4paws❤️❤️
This happens a lot more than you think. People with autism more often than not will bond with animals much easier.
r/dogswithjobs
Kid: chillin

Mother: Happy as all can be, over joyed at how her son can have physical contact with something else

Dog: Heh heh he layin on my *belly* :)
I haven't been tested so I don't know, but I'm also highly sensitive to bright lights, loud noises, touch. I react negatively to these. It's like other people said, the senses are heightened, very sensitive. On the hsperson.com website I score 21 (out of 25 or such, don't recall). At the very least these cause anxiety of varying degree. I used to work in a very loud place before COVID quarantine, and it was hell on Earth for me.

Animals of any sort are totally chill, they don't generate what I call ”static”, though some humans are this way too. I can sense them like a ”spidey sense”. They're calm, at peace within themselves, and are honest, kind people. TBF, most people are kind, but live very turbulent interior lives, for their own reasons (not judging, just observing).

I'm really glad for this and other kids that find a special friend like this, it's a very special moment for them.

Animals are our connection to the wider natural world. This is important, for well being.
That’s 4pawsforability!!! My peach is from there and my son is also autistic! It’s an amazing thing these animals do.
Mom, I can feel your joyful heart at the sight of this miracle happening right before your eyes! I am crying happy tears with you!

And to everyone living with this condition, thank you for your comments, your stories and the education you've given a lot of us today. Dogs have ALWAYS seemed to be able bring us out of ourselves! Please keep us posted on this beautiful journey!
Picture of a Dog, kid with IPad and crying mom.
Very cute but that post is old af
Beautiful
My mom works with special needs so I know a little, and because of that I know that this is absolutely amazing!
Does that mean he freaks out if anyone touches him or if anything touches him. I don’t know much about autism.
Animals are great, they don't bring any of the human complications along with them. You be cool to them, they be cool back.
I am too lazy to look up the source, but I think it’s been studied that autistic children usually respond exceptionally well around service animals.
As an autistic man, I think it's more likely that people are touching him in the wrong way than that he "can't be touched". I never understood why people thought they had a free access pass to just use my body to express their own emotions or do things they liked, doing sudden heavy hugs or pinching my face without warning and often when I didn't know or like them. Autism is about as misunderstood as witchcraft was in the middle ages. It's like people are blind to what's in front of them and instead choose to do or believe what they want or what's convenient.
[deleted]
I deadass thought the dog was dead, the mother was crying about that, and the kid was just playing on the iPad
[removed]
I’m autistic and I definetly get along with dogs more easily then people
[removed]
This kid is probably in his 20s by now
What makes it so the kid can’t be touched?
This is a real service animal with a real purpose. Way to many fake ones. When you see a chihuahua with a vest yapping away in a waiting room, it starts to get annoying.
Good doggo!
Will they be able to keep the dog?
Bond Level 5
this good-boy-brother will have a lifelong friend, because authistic people are much easier to read for dogs.
This picture is quite old. The boy is probably in High School by now.
Power to the Mom. More power to the lad and the doggo.
Did he get the dog?
Dogs are such great animals. So proud Of this boy too
Dogs are the best.
This is amazing, thank you for sharing!
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Animals_in_Translation
Wow! He is very special!
Heres the youtube vid of it.

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=share&v=cXClmauUTTs&app=desktop](https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=share&v=cXClmauUTTs&app=desktop)
”I shouldnt have bought him a dying dog”




Sorry, couldnt help myself.
We really take things for granted sometimes. So happy for this boy and his doggie!
As a person on the autism spectrum it warms my heart to see this.
Dogs are such wonderful friends. My dad got me a dog after my mom passed away when I was very young. She was my best friend for 17 years. Without her, I don't know where I would be today

I hope they live a long and happy life together.
Reddit: *everyone liked that*
I really hope this dog lives forever.
They don't call them man's best friend for nothing
Dogs are amazing. What they give us in their short life spent with us, we can never repay. They aren’t enough hugs, kisses and treats to repay a dog for their service.
And the boy is just laying there major chilling
I recognize that room! It's an amazing organization that trains service dogs for children and veterans. My wife fostered a golden-newfoundland mix for them for a year and a half to socialize it.
Lab's gonna Lab.
4 paws 4 ability, used to work there
Golden's make the best pillows:

https://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/iay35n/my_son_and_his_buddy_relaxing_in_the_yard/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share
This is AWESOME. There's a reason dog is an anagram of god.
He's got a friend for life.
So what happens if say his mom hugged him?
This really gets me in the feels. I am reminded of our miniature horse mare Firefly—about 12 years ago when my father was in his final months and we had to rearrange responsibilities, we donated her to an equine therapy program. IIRC, it’s the only equine program in the US licensed/recognized for working with severely mentally ill/severely psychologically traumatized children. (Level 14, as the system refers to them— the last level before hospitalization/institutionalization.) 

Fly’s job was to be a nonthreatening bridge for the kids too intimidated by the gentle, but still very large, full size horses. She also assisted the kids with, among other things, developing their much delayed communication skills. 

One of the workers shared how a few months into our girl’s stay there, a pair of ~5yro twins who would not talk to adults (“and for good reason” she added :( ) *did* talk to Firefly. They soon adored grooming and just spending time with her and she did her job well. 

She burned out after 2 years (it happens)—she wasn’t aggressive, just avoidant, not meeting them at the paddock gate anymore, not wanting to interact—and as my family was in a better, different place, we were able to take her back home. “She just needs her *own* kids in her *own* home,” the contact/friend told me. My boys were 6 and 3 at the time—it was perfect. Sixteen years and counting we’ve had with this girl, and now at 21 (still acting exactly as she did when she was 9), she is family.
Aww amazing. 

I experienced this once with a service dog I fostered (also a yellow lab). I was walking her in a park where there was a little community hall which ran a club for autistic kids. A little boy and his mum came out and he started playing with the dog and even gave her a hug. His mum was really excited because apparently he never normally initiated contact.
I feel for mom. 

I watched a doc about a woman that developed an allergy to all moisture after she had her child. She couldn’t even hold her baby because the moisture from skin gave her painful burning rashes. So she watched her baby grow up as an outsider in the same house. No snuggling or kissing, no hugs, so helping with bath time and washing hair. 

As a mom, seeing other moms that have to love their children from a distance really gives me a pang in my chest.
Not being able to touch her son, wow, I have it easy. Puppers rule. So many hugs to the mom.
I work in a home for people with learning disabilities, and the worst part about this whole pandemic (for them anyway) has been the fact that we can't bring our pets in. It breaks my heart.
I also don’t like to be touched unless it’s by beautiful women
I genuinely don’t understand how a child cannot be touched.
My family actually got my autistic little brother a dog from 4 Paws for Ability. They are an amazing team of people and dogs.
Autism is so difficult. My son has hfASD. Each day is an adventure, more so my dumb hfASD Ass is leading him
&#x200B;

Great stuff, thanks for sharing. I am fortunate to have two dogs and will attest that they are the most wonderful friends!
Dogs are the best.
My son was recently diagnosed with level 3 autism and I am trying to fundraise on twitch starting in November to get him his own service dog. They cost about $20,000 and insurance won't cover a cent of it. This picture has me sitting in my bathroom sobbing, I can only hope my son bonds as quickly as this. I hope to know exactly how this mother feels one day.
I'm sorry, I'm not that well educated on this subject. Why can't he be touched?
what do you mean "cant be touched" im just curious
I like how he don't give a fuck
This, does bring a smile to my face
Dogs are awesome
Everyone liked that
This made my day. My father died last Wednesday and needed something positive to think about.
That is actually a picture of me. It's weird to see it again.
Most the post that say something about an autistic kid doing something annoy me. But this one gets me. Not only is it the fact it has a cute dog, but the mother's reaction is very real and powerful.

Edit: They annoy me because it seems exploitive to say the kid has autism when it's unrelated to anything going on in the picture, and makes the assumption people with autism can't do a lot of things.
My son has Autism (and Apraxia + Dyspraxia) and every day I make sure to give him hugs and kisses because he lets me and I know not all special needs parents are lucky enough to be able to give and get affection to/from their children.
My son is a non verbal autistic. We sometimes catch him trying to form sounds into words with our dog. It seems like he understands how to communicate with our dog more than us.
Imagine not being able to hug your child. Or imagine never being hugged as a child. Thanks doggo.
I’m a 6’5”, bearded, tattooed construction worker. You can’t have me crying at work like that, Reddit.
Can't be touched?  Huh?
That is so wonderful. Proof that you both will make it through this ❤️
Dogs have always been the portal to all hearts.
Two good boys forming a lifelong bond \^\^
Has anyone looked into Autism and tablet use? During undergrad I worked as an RBT with kids that had autism and every single one of them had a tablet and was obsessed with it. I wonder if the manner of escape is big thing to do with it, or the tactile feel of the screen. Super interesting how they all gravitated towards tablets and it was their most preferred reward while working.
As someone who falls under the Autism Spectrum (I have ADHD and Aspergers), I have to say, animals bring out the best in me even when I lose faith in humanity. Dogs, cats, horses, and hamsters make me feel happy and like something actually wants me around for no other reason but it likes me.
As a father with a son who is in the spectrum, I completely empathize with what she is feeling. It really is heartbreaking knowing that my son doesn't completely understand emotions like most of us. Good for her!
I might have a clue as to why her son is autistic...
[deleted]
My son was diagnosed with Autism but thankfully it is considered very mild and most people are surprised when they hear that he has Autism.  He loves getting hugs and cuddling but he has a hard time with some other things.  It is so hard watching your kid struggle.
This is the benefit of service animals
Honest, sincere question:  


Why do children with autism always have a tablet and/or headphones on?  


I am honestly curious as my friend's son ALWAYS has Beats headphones on and I am afraid to ask why he always has to have them on...is it a sensory thing?
God we don’t deserve dogs. They are by far the world’s greatest species.
Why can't he be touched?
Can someone please explain why can't he be touched. As far as I know the don't like being touched but it's not like they can't be touched.
Can somebody explain by CANT be touched?? Does it bother him? Or what? Sorry if I sound ignorant I just never understood
Just a question, how can someone "not be touched?"
This is beautiful! Everyone needs that special being to lean on!
So yes, I know the conventional response is to be heart warmed by this, don’t get me wrong I feel it. But out of curiosity, but aren’t there risks for the child if they are born by parents who are too old?
That poor mother
why cant he be touched?
does dog have a band around his nose??
Damn onions
Most problems can be solved by a dog.
This could be a complete hoax of a title
I never got the idea behind ripped jeans.
Awwtistic moment, I'd say. My younger sibling and I both have autism (I am on the lower impact, higher functioning side, and he is essentially vice versa) and he benefited greatly from his service companion. Always brings a smile to my face.
Not gonna lie it rained on my face a little bit then too and I'm a Brit
[removed]
We don’t deserve dogs 😭
Why can’t he be touched?
As someone who has a mild version of autism and also bonds easier with animals, this made me tear up. Gonna hug my dog now
Awwtism?
I feel like this sort of thing should be kept private. It’s heartwarming, but I always feel like I’m invading someone’s privacy when I see these.
He can't be touched? Why, what happens when he would get touched?
Dogs > people. Just fact
Is this your child? If not, did you get permission to post this from his Mother after you took the picture?
I wonder how his aversion to be touched developed. Like did it progress over the years or did he as a baby not like it.
Never know how to feel about this Inspiration Porn. Like... sure it's cool, but I don't see why it's r/aww material, just because the kid happens to be on the spectrum. If it was a NT kid that generally doesn't like being touched nobody would give a fuck
That's so incredible!
So sweet!
Doogie be like i sleep mom weep
What did we do to deserve dogs?
What’s on the retriever’s muzzle?
Dog is shaped like a friend
NO I’M TEARING UP AT WORK THANKS GUYS
Dogs are awesome
I’m not crying you are
I love this! Warms my heart to see service animals making a difference.
I wonder if one service dog = good, two service dogs = better.

Yeah probably stupid, but just wondering.
They be vibing
awww they are both beautiful boys
Wow. I've been known to cry for many emotional videos but I don't think an image has ever made me tear up. What an incredible photo
Wonderful!
I'm not crying, just got something in my eye...
Dogs are amazing for so many reasons.
This is from 4 Paws 4 Ability on Xenia, Ohio. A great organization!!!
He’s playing fortnite
Dogs is all we need for this cruel world
We don’t deserve dogs
Without context, it looked like the dog passed away under this unsuspecting child.
I’m crying
Or the dog bursted a huge fart.
Now he’s just vibin doe
r/mademesmile
This dog doing what he was born to do.
Precious 💕
What is that thing on doggo's nose?
Bless him
I’m not crying you’re crying!
Awww mama !
Sauce?
Damn I’m leaking.
Dogs are a boys/girls best friend.
god bless him🙏
This is the sweetest thing eveeer
Cute
Plot twist: It was already his dog and he doesn't have autism.
Or the dog farted
I cried
Oof, my heart..
Dogs are the best people.
Happy mommy
That dog couldn't be happier. lol
This is why dogs are so grounded to people. The connection is unreal. They help heal a lot of ways for many people. Ma hearts
A picture worth a million words.
Amazing
we.dont.deserve.dogs
Don't worry he's not the only one who doesn't wanna be touched you and me both buddy
Dogs are just the best.
Never forget, God spelled backwards is Dog.
Vibing
Ah this is gorgeous
Because dogs are awesome
I thought for a second the dog died
What the thing on its snout is it supposed to not allow it to bark or what
Awww that's amazing
Dog becomes pillow.

Dog be like "this is my life now"
I am crying so hard, so touching
Doggos like this is my job let little human have contact but I wish he wasn't on my bladder
Dogs make nice backrests.
We don’t deserve dogs
Love this .Really mans best friend.
Meanwhile my cat just broke my TV.
What if the dog dies?
My golden retriever was my best friend growing up as an autistic little girl. Dogs never judge.
My eyes are raining.
Not just mans best friend, the best friend for all.
Dog making it look easy too 😁
i need a schnoodle
What’s better than a golden?!  My goodness.
Goldens can save the world! That mama’s reaction choked me up.
Feelsies
I think we all underestimate the power of pets. They simply get it at times in ways we can’t. I gotta pet my Basset now.
Dog: this is my life now.  I'm a pillow.
We don’t deserve doggies
Mans best friend ❤️
Sweet
Wholesome and beautiful. 1000/10 👏🏼
Love!
Wow
Amazing the things we take for granted.
Adorable!
We do not, and I repeat, do NOT, deserve doggos
Awsome
Literally goosebumps, amazing stuff. Dogs really can bring joy to everyone's life <3
It's enough to make an adult to cry
JAKE!!! JAKE!!!!!!
The weight lifted off her shoulders was immense.
My dog hates me.
How do I “like” this 200 more times? Put me down for +101, please.
Reading this title hurt the fuck out of my brain
[deleted]
r/mademesmile
No. Im not crying. These are allergies
Kiddo is in for a difficult life. Bummer
So he has aphenphosmphobia?
The silent best friend.
Thx so much reddit for this great content
Wait, he can’t be touched because he has autism? Please someone enlightenment my ignorant brain.
Ah the power of a golden retreiver.
Bless the doggie and his new best friend
golden doggos are best doggos
ITT: people who dont understand autism at all, and people who act like they understand autism.
This is the kinda stuff that instantly makes me tear up 😭
>Can't be touched

Just so folk who don't quite get this know: it's entirely possible that for him, being touched on the arm or head would induce a similar reaction to *you* having someone try to gently rub your eyeball. It's not that it feels the same - of course it doesn't - but it can set off a feedback loop which would not be dissimilar.

He likely doesn't want to be touched on the arm *as much* as you don't want your eyeball rubbed. And, of course you don't know what it's like to have your eyeball rubbed, but you can *imagine* it and that's enough for you not to want it to happen. But also there's a dog so i guess it's like the dog is a contact lens. :)
God, the emotion in her face! I'm on the bus trying not to cry myself
Why can’t we touch people? Like what does the sensation issues do?
Dogs are friend shaped.
We don’t deserve dogs.
What a beautiful picture! God bless animals!
This post kicked me right in the pregnancy hormones
I want to hug the mom.... this is so great.
She is literally floored in this picture
Why can’t he be touched
A mother’s love.
Can I touch him?
They just vibin
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
This has Rex Chapman "Dogs Bruh" written all over it.
Not to be that guy but what will happen when the dog dies like 10 years later
No one congratulates me when I use my dog as a pillow!
Aww golden retrievers
I mean, look how freaking good of a dog they are. Just look, that's an excellent pupper.
The moment i started reading i thought the dog was dead, That pic had a completelly different story in my head.
The moment i started reading i thought the dog was dead, That pic had a completelly different story in my head.
#everyone liked that
Genuinely asking:  what work or task has the dog been trained to perform?
More proof why dogs are my favorite animal. There's absolutely no question about it. Dogs are so friendly and lovable. Bonus points, that doggie is cute.
Wait what does it mean cant be touched? Like he literally has a health problem where he cant be physically touched?
Congratulations!
We don’t deserve dogs
I thought the woman was crying because of something else.
Jealous?
I thought the dog died and the kid didn’t give a fuck
Why is this recommended to me, fucking Reddit assuming I have a heart.
Is that doge his now
Cant touch this da nananaa
r/wholesome
I’m confused, what does it mean that he can’t be touched?
Can't be touched? Just saw a video of a cop dealing with an autistic man. I'm sad all of a sudden. God damnit. Great picture though.
WOOF!!
Beautiful
How is bathed by her? Clothes changed?
I think a service dog is the only thing that would make me feel better. I tried getting one a couple years ago, and it turns out even with medicaid, a service dog would be at least $16,000. How can I ever afford one? My therapist suggested getting a fish, but it's not the same.
They really are God.
He must be good at social distancing though
Yes dogs are good for people with autisme i have it to and my dog really helps me with it.
I don't think people understand how important animals are to those who have issues with connecting to others. I know my cats have done wonders for me and I love them sooo much.
Isn’t the dog just sort of functioning as a self heating headrest in this image? How do we know he has connected with it socially? Maybe it just has instrumental value like a beanbag.
I’m so happy for your son. Dogs are the best!
The world is like restaurant menu . There bad food ( bad humans)and there good food (good humans)but we all know  deserts ( dogs ) are always good
Is that at 4 Paws for Ability!?!?
There is good in this world. There is hope. You have people and animals that love you. You just have to look in the right place.
You’re not crying, I’m crying.
Scientists should come up with a way to make dogs age at the same rate as people!
Daza good pup
It's amazing how much people related to dogs. I know it's not the same, but when I worked in a nursing home, there was a locked memory unit for our residents with more severe dementia. On typical day, it was sort of quiet, subdued. Patients typically mumbling to themselves, pacing, or sitting quietly in a chair. On the days the therapy dog came in, the residents UNDERSTOOD how to interact with a dog, the need to pet this dog, the need to smile and love on this dog. So nice to watch.
Im reading a book and that book has a autistic 1grader with a dog named Žujo or in translation it mean yellow dog  or yellowie idono but he also has bonded with the dog and his named was Nicholas With a trailer (the book was in serbian and no known sights of the english version its called Orlovi rano lete translation Eagles fly early)
That is so sweet omg I’m on the spectrum too & my dog really does give me a comfort that nobody else can
My heart just exploded in aww
At first I thought they were putting the dog down and the kid was like "fuck it"
Show the video with subtitles explaining what’s happening you cowards. I want to cry!
Now that's a really good boy. What a good boy. Makes my heart warm. 🙂
(My dark sense of humour)... The moms reaction is due to the fact the dog was euthanized just 2 minutes earlier and doesnt have the heart to tell her son his only friend is dead....
Why does he have a rope around the snoot?
No toucha me unless you a doggo
Our dog really helped me deal with a friend’s suicide a couple of years ago. Just being with her made me feel less lost and sad. Now whenever I feel down, I go chill out with her for awhile, give her a nice, good brushing and just love her to bits and I no longer feel so bad.

DOGGOS ARE BLESSED DARLINGS.
This picture brought me to tears, damn
BEAUTIFUL 💗🐾🐾
Dogs really are the best people
Have you seen the Netflix show Dogs? The first episode is about service/companion dogs. They’re amazing!
That is awesome!
Oh my god I feel so complete, animals are the best
turn the onion machine down!
Oh thank God, first glance I thought someone had posted a picture of their dog being put down. This is still emotional, but I was not ready to be remembering pets being put down.
I understand her completely. I am so happy for this family.
in college I worked at a summer day camp ages 5-15.  They did sort of a test and let a couple of highly autistic kids try a couple of weeks.  This was 20 years ago, everyone who worked there was just college students and we had zero training and very little understanding of autism.  

I got one of them in my group and he was great for the most part.  He didn't talk and usually wouldn't play or do anything with the rest of the group.  He did like going in the pool during swim time but usually just sort of sat off to the side in his own little world.  He also wouldn't listen to anyone unless we had our nametags, his mom had gotten it through to him that our name tags meant we were the "teachers/leader" it was kind of funny wearing your name tag around your neck in the pool, otherwise he'd just straight ignore you.  We'd include him when we could but he was very well behaved and if he ignored us we just let it be.  

On one of the last days when he was getting picked up he ran over and hugged me and the other consoler and his mom started bawling.  Apparently he also said our names in the car ride home and he had never done that.  Sadly he was only registered for 2 of the weeks and couldn't come anymore that summer.  His mom wrote the director this long letter and I know he kept it in his office the rest of the time he ran the camp.  

The other girl they attempt to let in the camp unfortunately had to be sent home after 2 days because we just couldn't handle her.  She would run off, choke other kids and consolers, soil herself (which her parents said would not happen) and the final straw was she climbed up the rock climbing wall and tried to climb over to the back side.  Luckily an instructor raced up there and was able to grab her in time but then she bit him about ten times while he was bringing her down.  We just weren't prepared enough for that kind of child.
Wdym can't be touched?
Why can’t he be touched?
Such a blessing!
he is just laying on him
Cute
:D
I have that same iPad case
If you get a chance to read this lady, i am sending you a million hugs.🤗
Can't be touched? Like a force field?
Unconditional love goes a very long way. 
God bless.
Sure the dog didn’t just fart?
Dogs
We need more of this in the world <3
 Ima go hug my dog
I wonder if that i pad is a tool that therapeutically can help in this situation... i firmly believe kids shouldnt live in a phone or ipad but in this special situation would the kid be better off with or without this technology. I truly wonder.
Being a hungry sofa tends to help the bonding process.
I get it. People fucking suck.
My developmental inquiries wonder how not being touched has impacted his illness.  Many primates who are deprived of touch die.
What a great picture! So much love
Clearly isn't the Netherlands. Specifically Iceland lool.
Can’t be touched? What
Dogs be like that
Animals are simply one of life’s greatest gifts.
My co-worker got the cutest beagle puppy five weeks ago. She and her family couldn’t handle the mess so they returned it. Dogs are not for everyone. They are hard work but the rewards and love from them are the best too.
I wonder if his mother gently kisses his hair at night. She must. It must be hard on her.
why cant u touch him
Enjoy it son ✌️.
What does "cant be touched" mean?
F*u k yea!!!!!!!
Please stop this wet thing coming from my eyes!
Why can’t he be touched?
What does "Can't be touched mean"? This pic is really sweet.
I love dogs
“Can’t be touched” why not?
[deleted]
someone thought it was a good idea to put this on r/BossFights and had to downvote because of the name they made for the little boy and his dog
Kids are the worst
That's actually the place my brother and I got our service dogs from! It's a very emotional thing when the kids get their new best friend ❤ The company is called 4 Paws For Ability!! I 100% recommend them from the Fabulous Flunkies who don't become service dogs because it wasn't for them, or the dogs who do make it and become like my SD Maaza who saved my life.
[removed]
dogs are much better friends than any human could ever dream to be
I'm an Aspie adult , I don't have sensory issues  but man if my dog wasn't  my first and only friend as a kid. It's been 35  years  and 2 other dogs later, I miss Ace every day.   This bond will last a lifetime.
I read „...after he boned his new dog“
Shane dawson moment.
fantastic [can dogs eat bananas](https://petcare4all.com/dogs/can-dogs-eat-canned-chicken/)
I work with dogs way more
[deleted]
Just came here to fix this title. 

A boy with autism* not “An autistic boy”. Not trying to be a dick but from working in the behavioral field this is a casually rude thing to say. 

Some parents take offense to this because your labeling their child as a diagnosis first and a person second.  Just food for thought if you’re ever irl in a situation with someone who has Autism Spectrum Disorder.

Edit: This wasn’t meant as any attack towards OP, this is a great post and amazing to see.
Serious question - what does "can't be touched" mean? Just like he refuses to be touched? Is that not something counseling/support can help with?
[deleted]
Can’t be touch...

Apparently he has no issue touching that tablet.
Looked at this without reading the title and thought she was flooded with emotion because the kid was laying on a dead dog
Serious quesrion what does the "can't be touched" imply?  Is this a type of autism were the kid gets stressed/altered by somebody touching him?
Why can’t the kid be touched? Sincerely asking.
Serious question....How does someone who is severely effected by autism react when the service animal dies?  Not trolling or being gross, I have been heartbroken by losing a pet in the past but able to move past it eventually, would someone with autism or some other developmental disorder be able to understand and move on?
I’m not trying to be offensive I just have no idea- is not wanting to be touched/being uncomfortable with touch a thing for all autistic people? This is the first I’ve heard of it.
Man, having a kid is hard enough. One like that would be brutal. Better parents than I.
Imagine how pissed she is inside after she starts to think a bit: “This little bitch won’t let me touch him, but some stanky ass dog is okay?!?”
I bet I could touch him.
Downvote me to hell but stop using animals for your own selfish benefit. Poor dog I hate how its mouth is tied!
Genuine question but why is he not to be touched? Does he not like it and react badly to it?
1 more reason dogs are better than people
My GF is a board certified behavioral analyst and works with children with all types of developmental disabilities. Unfortunately this is more common than people think. My brother also has autism so it brings me joy to see this kiddo resting on his pup.
We don't deserve dogs.

But that boy does.
I cannot even begin to image the depths of her emotions in this moment... 
This makes me so happy to see. 
What a brave and amazing mother. Bless her and her son on their journey.
I find it amazing that animals can bound with humans, the way humans with humans never could !
My little sister has a son, my nephew that is like this in the sense that he does not want to be touched, even by his mother.

She had another son and he does not behave like this, but I know it breaks my sisters heart that he does not show his love the same way.

He does undoubtedly love his family, he’s just different and this is hard on my sister, but she does the best she can and moments like this are amazing to them because seeing your child connect emotionally with anything is a big deal.

Keep up the good work fam, it’s hard, but rewarding and just because they’re different does not mean they’re not special and amazing in their own right.
My oldest brother is on the autism spectrum and he’s the same way. He is able to work and live on his own, but he does not do physical contact or eye contact. He has a boxer now that is his entire world, and she has been the best thing for him.
He just naturally bonded with him! That’s so sweet
we aren't a dog family, but my autistic son has a great and deep connection with all our cats.
*can't touch this*
Yep my autistic daughter wouldn’t play with her sisters but played with her dog.
Plot twist - just a regular kid and his mom is sneezing
Has he connected or is he just using him as a pillow?
As a parent of a child that is on the spectrum, this makes my heart happy. Rock on, kiddo. ❤️
Why can’t he be touched?
What’s that weird rope around the dog’s snout? It doesn’t look like a lead.
Wait why can't he be touched?
Why can’t he be touched (just wondering)
He can be touched, it's just not a good idea
Sorry but why cant he be touched?
God knew what he was doing ❤️. This is beautiful
[removed]
Honest question, why can't he be touched?
A boy with autism*
Wait why cant he be touched?
