I suddenly feel safe
That’s really clever
Somebody call the woo woo mobile!!!
Clearly a BC doggy keeping people safe .
Ok guys i’m calling it. He won halloween.
Doctor: Where is that heart transplant? It was supposed to arrive hours ago!

Ambulance: AWOOOOOO
If I suddenly break my leg, you’ll know why
Emergency Pawamedic
10/10 would ride to hospital again.
Dogulance
Awwww. How creative!!!! Love love love this! ❤
I came for the amber lamps and stayed for the awooo
u/savethisvideo
If I call 911 will he come over?
r/howlies
I officially award you the Costume of the day!
Oh the neighbors love him/the owners
It’s cute, but maybe doggo is annoyed.
Why did they not call it a Pupamedic
Awwmbulance
BCAS representing!!!
More like the Waaaaaambulance
I need this dog. This totally made my day! Best Halloween costume ever.
This brightened up my terrible day :)
That's what you get when you call K-911.
Dogumbulance
A national treasure
Dog down the street does this every time fire truck goes by, fire dept is on our block. Makes me chuckle every time
Complete with sound
He looks at his ambulance half way through and is like “oh right I’m running code better turn the siren back on”
That's kinda mean to the dog😔
this is the best costume I've ever seen
That is very cool. Where I live when you hear ambulances you often hear coyotes howling!
My dog used to do this as well, but with full body motions added as well.
Only for fire trucks, not ambulance or PD. 
The fire fighters used to laugh every they drove by and he was doing his thing.
River seems like such a good boi!
Cheaper than a normal ambulance ride.
I hope he doesn’t have to hear that very much at all!
An awoombulance!
This Problably Isn’t True But I Like To Imagine The Dog Knows That He’s Dressed Up Like An Ambulance And Is Howling To Try And Impersonate One.
Poor fucking dog loool
Omg poor guy!  His ears ...
[deleted]
Very cute. I hope the sound doesn’t upset the doggo tho
As a video this is aww, but if I imagine being the neighbour, this becomes *slightly* less aww and an aww-ful, awhooo-ful lot more annoying.
Oh I bet your neighbors fucking hate you
[deleted]
This awesome, i want to hug that dog ❤️
It's a DOMBULANCE 🚨🚨
This is the cutest thing 🖤🖤
That's a dogbulance, dont lie :P
You mean ambulldoglance
So many of these comments make me think that alot of y'all don't know how dogs work, lol

Edit: this is for the people saying the dog is uncomfortable/in pain. He isn't, just following instincts.
Super cute but can you turn the sound off? I'm not sure he likes it :(
you know dogs do this because it hurts their ears right?
I love it but those poor neighbors... just the confusion alone.
I love this costume ... give the pup a treat or two for winning 1st place in the costume
This cracked me up 😂
This is freaking awesome!!
Love it!!
Doggolance
Dambulance for you ladies and gentlemen
Made me LOL.
She found her calling
What a majestic boi
Lmao 🤣❤️
Anyone know what mind of dog that is?
Oh my god my balls are being crushed with cuteness.
He kinda sounds like Courage the Cowardly Dog.
Rescue puppers!
Soooo cute😻😻😻😻😻😻😻😻
UwU
Do not open the back door.
This is brilliant
Dambulance
u/SaveThisVideo
I've seen a few EMTs do the same thing.
What’s the dogs breed?
This is amazing :D
Bless this pup
Dogbulance
This. Is. AMAZING.
This ambulance saves 2020 for me.
How can I get this in my HMO?
To the moon with you!
u/vredditshare u/savethisvideo
u/Savethisvideo
Brilliant!
u/savethisvideo
u/SaveThisVIdeo
Dogublance
u/SaveThisVideo
Awww, he’s an AROOOOOOObulance......super cute!
Someone call the waambulance
Awwbulance
Just the dog to call when you're in ruff shape
Awooombulance!
\*PAWamedic
He looks like the dog I grew up with. Best dog I ever had.
lolololol
Doggobulance
This is soo cute, but now i am kinda sad. My dog passed away recently and i miss her every time i see a cute dog post.
Someone call a dogtor!
 Best paw patrol EVER
Now we just need a dogtor.
He’s a pawamedic.
  Cute
Such a good boy!
Wow that was adorable!
This doggo is way too cool 😂
Safest iv felt in months
Noah..Dont get the boat :)
8/10 didn't call it an emergency Pawamedic! Missed opportunities like this keep me up at night
this is the best thing i’ve ever fkin seen. thank you.
BcDS
Oh my god perfect!
Hysterical
Fabulous
soooo cute. and the river dog sign. ahhhh
u/vreddit_bot
That's why they chase
Cutest EVER. The winner of Halloween 2020 absolutely. Please kiss the puppers nose for me and salute them for their vital service!
Dogbulance
Doggo ambulance, please save my life!
Outta control
A Dombulance 🐕
I want a longer video, I luv this dog
So sweet, i love this
D’ambulance
Sundenly I’m having a heart attack
That made me lol. 

Well done
u/savethisvideo
My dog howled at this video lol
The blinking collar/howl during ambulance sound is killing me🤣🤣🤣
My dog just started howling to this!
More like awwbulance
Wambulance
$1200 dollars per pet.
What kind of dog is that
E-fur-gency services :3
I want this dogis, the perfect puper, The Superior Pup
Perfect!!
Hahaha!  I’ll ask him.
Aoooooooooooooooo
OMG! Thank you!
Sound on! Gets so much better.
Why
Perfection!
#*That soothing sound...*
I have died.
Please make several videos like this a day, and just send them to my DMs
WHERES THE AMBALAMB
the owner should really dress up as an attorney so they can make a real dope theme: ambulance chasers
OMG
This is amazing!!!
Emergency Pawamedic
“Pawramedic”
may god be with you al

0:00
Dogbulance
Paw patrol
OH MY GOD I THOUGHT THE DOG WAS ON FIRE
I had my volume up all the way from another video, and this is the cutest ear bleed sound i have ever heard
Dogs usually do this when they think something is abnormal, wrong, or they are distressed. This isn't a very nice thing to do.
The best boy
Quick, call Whine, One, One, we need a whambulance!
Ampawlance
This is by far the best Reddit post I’ve seen.  Thank you!
Ohh thank god, because...i need help over here
Awoo-balance!
Happy awoo-ween!
Def the winner of the first place prize, canine costume division.  Deserves to make 2nite's news!
That far exceeded my expectations.
u/redditdownloader
My German Shepherd does the same thing with fire engines, it's adorable
Absolutely love this!
Canbulance
This would get old real fucking quick BUT while intoxicated would be absolutely hilarious
My heart!!!
British Columbia ambulance?
So good! Lmao
Hahaha. I’m on the balcony. About 6 dogs just started barking.
Dogbulance
Ion think the dog has a license for that
This is the dog equivalent of the guy playing the violin to get the cows to answer him
Fitting and genius
Dogbulance
Wouldn't that sound be very disturbing for the dog?
Hello fellow BCr awesome costume
How to chain cc a dog into an jnfinite howl
This is soooo getting stolen
Missed opportunity to put "Emergency Pupamedic"
The Wagulance
Hiyo AM DA AMBOOLENCE DOGERS!
[deleted]
Love his costume and his siren sounds so cute.  10/10
Dogulance
u/savethisvideo
This broke the internet and me.
Dogbulance!
I see this every year and upvote ever tim.
u/GetVideoBot
Repost from last year
My friend sent me this video earlier lol
God damnit this is amazing
My dog only ever howled once in his life. He seemed so ashamed afterwards despite the love I gave him (it really was beautiful). I wish I could have trained him to do it. 

I miss that dog. He had an accident that left him with brain damage. Afterwards he didn't remember the commands I taught him, but he did remember the tricks. His form of begging was to run through the full gamut of tricks I had taught him, in order. Good doggo.
*dog* I’m helping 😀
wagbulance
u/savethisvideo
Bc? Thats awesome either way
That's so dope! How did you get him to howl like that on command?
Perfection
Dogbulance
Put that on a pig and you got a HAMBULANCE LOL

I’ll see myself out
Sounds like a doomsday alarm going off.
This video is the only good part of 2020
This touches home my yellow lab does this every time cops, ambulance, or a fire truck drive by 😭😂
Oh my effing gosh!!
“Barkulance”
We're protected
That’s the cutest amWOOlance I’ve ever seen!
I feel like I'm not out of line by saying this is the best Halloween costume in history
Ha Ha Ha I love it already Man!😆
Think I saw this last Halloween but I love it so much!
This definitely made the day all the more better.
u/savethisvideo
Absolutely Adorable 🐕
WHAT KIND OF DOG IS THIS?!
Ambulassie
Not all heroes wear capes
Me Likey So Much

Thank you
Amazing costume
u/SaveThisVideo
Happy Halloween!
You get 2000 nioogies for this outstanding costume!!!  And your puppers gets an all you can eat buffet from your house, xxx
Very creative!
That voice crack brings me life
Just what i needed to see, after seeing a sad post
The only ambulance that makes me happy 🎃❤️
You win Halloween. You win everything.
A “goodboyulance”
Missed opportunity to write "Paramedog".
More like the wambulance...
Hehehe
PAW PATROL IS HERE
He had a voice crack at the end
Love love love this!!!
Can’t wait to adopt a dog so we can recreate this
Or a Dambulance for short
My golden does this. It's like he's trying to help warn everyone of the danger. I love it.
It is beautiful and the Dog is Adorable.  A lovely lovely photo which will a Classic.  Thank You for taking this video.

Jerry C.  A fanatical Dog lover.
Wee woo wee woo
r/dogswithjobs PLEASE
Hey! That Dog ambulance is from British Columbia!!!
It's only $3,000 out-of-pocket to pet him, but only if your insurance covers it.  Otherwise you'll need to call an Uber dog because you'll never financially recover from the ambulance dog.
[On the way to save the 2 greyhound bus collision...](https://imgur.com/a/EvQkTxe) OH THE TRAGEDY!!!
You missed an opportunity with "Paw-amedic"
Wee woo wee woo
Medic! patient is in need of three *awoooooos* here as soon as possible.
On the new season of paw patrol...
What breed of dog is this?
KANKENWOOGEN
Sounds closer to the purge horn. Next year!
Ok this is the best thing I’ve ever seen
Well I panicked and gave away my free Wholesome award too early
Fake. Dog is a paid method actor.
That's fucking funny as hell! Made me laugh hard!
Best I've seen!
I don't like this. I love it.
This doggo is doing a fine job.
Can someone pls do this to their husky?
This made me laugh so hecking hard lol
Dogobgyn!
u/savethisvideo
Awww poor baby
This is the most majestic thing ever
Omg super cute!!!
Dombulance
My cat just ran to find the dog😂
Better shape than some of our rigs 🙄
Dogblurance
;´) lol thats funny
woof
Woofpatrol
Doggolance
Wee Woof! Wee Woof! 🚨
My dog howls only at firetrucks.  Unfortunately we are very close to a fire station.
Amazing. Simply amazing.
He even has the siren wail down to a T. Aroooo
And my day is complete
My brilliant wife called this a Wagulance.
u/SaveThisVideo
I would get stuck on a snowy mountain to have this dog rescue me, and bring a small cask of cognac.
Stolen for next year!
I'm stealing that for next year
Wow, I haven’t seen an amboolance in ages.
If it's an american dog ambulance, it will charge you 1000 ~~dollars~~ treats for the ride!
THIS IS SO CUTE
Personal favorite.
This is incredibly clever and precious! So so so cute!!!!
Guys the dog is getting electrocuted, forcing it to howl. Just look at that electric collar!
/u/vredditshare

/u/vredditdownload
The costume should be sound activated so its an endless loop
[ooooooooeeeoooeeeooo](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qj5hA1OAWvs)
All I heard was the purge sirens
I need u r service buddy
Oh good grief this made me truly laugh out loud!
You win
This is why you work for bcas
[deleted]
What have they done to me? I have become the very thing I hated.
-this dog probably
“Saving” squirrels
I can't stop watching it!
That's an expensive dog
It's all fun and games till you get charged $10,000 for one ambulance ride
Na fam this cute
Omg
Dambulance.
“Doge turn on your siren!”

“Weeeee-wooo, weeeeeee-wooo”
The sound is so worth it in this video. And what a gorgeous pup ❤️
Cutest thing ever
When my dog would howl like this I thought it was her way of trying to get help or tell other dogs to help if possible or watch out of cars so not to get hurt. I miss her a lot these days.
Hey! This is my friend’s dog and costume from last year! They’re from Vancouver and she’s a nurse in ER, which helped spark the idea for this costume. The other dog (not in video) was dressed as a paramedic 😂
I just realized I've never seen a dog howl and walk at the same time.
This is great...but how did you miss the opportunity to call it a Pawamedic!?
 Imagine a button that people could press on his back.
Thanks dear for make such amazing ambulance for our loving pets. The sound system you put in is really amazing.
Going to take some people to the dogtor
Dombulance?
Best dog costume I’ve ever seen. So good
That looks like BCEHS truck!
I had a dog dis this, even in the middle of the night. Even when he was an old man, he’d just get up more slowly and howl. It never bothered me and always made laugh. Thanks for reminding of Bruno he wa such a good boy. Great idea,  great costume.
Aprooved by Pog cat
15/10 would break my legs for
Now I understand why street dogs makes these sounds. They are animal ambulances.
Haha dog go brrr
That poor dog will forever be trying to match the sound of the sirens and never know that it is him who is helping everyone heal their twisted minds. That costume is adorable. The howlbulance.
r/ems
Great idea!  Go puppy!
:D
/u/vredditshare

https://gfycat.com/opulentafraidcarpenterant
The dog helps us and this thing is very beautiful. Honestly, it's the savior.
Make way for the Doggo ambulance
Looks like our ambulances in Vancouver!
Stop vertical video syndrome.
LOVE IT!!!!!!!!
u/SaveThisVideo
Dogbulance
What a cute Dogbulance
Or the Purge announcement
Woo woof woo woof woo woof
Let's hear it for the frontline workers!
SO MANY AWARDS!!!
I can't believe this is the first time I've seen somebody do this! Super cute idea 😍
Lol that's awesome!
Aww~ That is too cute. 😄
The only ambulance i can trust
/u/SaveThisVideo
That's adorable :D
Dog doctor :Oh no, somebody is depressed, doggie ambulance to the rescue! Dog doctor "this patent needs snuggles" Patent: I feel so much better, thanks doggie doctor! Doggie ambulance drives off to make more people happy.
u/savethisvideo
/u/kristinemh
u/savevideo
u/savevideo
muchas gracias amigo, superb [https://petcare4all.com/dogs/eat-dogs/can-dogs-eat-mayo/](https://petcare4all.com/dogs/eat-dogs/can-dogs-eat-mayo/)
That poor doggo...
Your neighbor must love you lol
I just wanted to live a quite life...
I don’t think the dog likes those sirens, sir.
Awwwobulance.
I love it. Thanks for the smile.
[removed]
Haha this is so cool! My dog does the same thing whenever an ambulance or firetruck passes by. For whatever reason, he doesn't do it for police.
Happy Halloween 🎃 too cute ahhhwooooooo
I'm injured! I need to pet a dog stat!
Emergency Puppamedic
And it costs $10,000 to ride plus intense debt
Who created this idea is a freaking genius.
That poor dog
[deleted]
Imagine thinking it's cute strapping a box to a dogs back with a siren right next it it's ears. Fucking disgusting
peta wants to know your location
Lol
/u/vredditshare
u/savethisvideo
I don't like it when dogs howl with ambulances
Dog ambulance 🥶💪🦍🤝🤑🚨🚑
Murderers from 1999 in a small Japanese town hate him.
