The dog is just not able to understand why his human not letting him love.
My friends weiner dog loves to lick my beard. Right now he cannot do since I'm wearing a mask so instead he will vigorously lick my eyebrows
Beagles are incredible, I miss mine
Aww god, he/she's so small.
Show me your face hooman. I want to lick your face
I’ll take the risk for that cute pup
The only anti masker I’ll ever tolerate
Ted?
Dog kisses should be a constitutional right!
Oh my God, he's adorable! And the puppy is cute too.
Cute, but everyone should learn from my mistakes that happened nearly the same way. Puppy scratched my right cornea doing this, so badly it almost ripped it in half, I narrowly missed requiring surgery.

Most cornea abrasions heal in 24-48hrs because that part of the body heals super quickly. It took mine over a week until I didn't have blurry vision, and 3 years later and it's still not back to as good of vision as my left eye.

Close your eyes whenever a dog is around your face with their paws.
The anti maskers are teaching their vicious dogs to attack masks!
Omg so cute
This is portuguese veterinary André Santos, you can get more eyebleach on his IG @andresantosvet.
I want to give that little anti-masker a squeezie-squeezie!
r/peoplefuckingdying
\*But how can i give you kisses if the mask is on your face?\*
You can’t fight the love, man!
Lemme in! Gotta lick that face!
Fortunately I believe they found that dogs do not spread COVID-19. No harm, no foul here now collect those face licks
Hey give me mask too doctor.
Man survives ruthless doggo attack
“So this bitch kept trying to take off my mask...”
Vet tech here, can confirm this is a daily occurrence.  

Upside is the mask keeps the hair out of my nose, which was the old daily occurrence.
Anyone else think he sorta looks like Ted from Schitt’s Creek?
Very smol face hugger
Hate it when an anti-mask Karen does this to me at the grocery store.
Kakagigil ☺️
Beagle pups are pretty fantastic :)
The only non-mask that I want in my life
Now THAT is a mask protest I can get behind!!
the only anti-masker i really wanna kiss 😍
Guy looks cute. Honestly I'd probably have the same reaction.
The dog is cute , but so is the doctor ;)
Poor thing. They keep telling it to stay six feet away but it only has four.
R/peoplefuckingdying
The only nom-masker i want to meet
/u/inmyotherpants79 see the baby!
u/savethisvideo
The only expectable excuse for having your mask under your nose!
The first my puppy went to the vet he tried this too with the nurse.
What a cute little Karen!
the only antimasker i wanna see <3
If all anti maskers were this cute I'll let them give me the virus
I'm sorry to have to tell you this, but you have cuteness.

It's terminal.
An especially high-IQ anti-masker, even.
This is giving me cuteness aggression. I’d want to take the mask off and eat that cutest of puppers!
When we first met our dog at the shelter in the greeting room, the first thing she did was try to paw my mask off. So we each had to take our mask off for a minute so she could check our faces. And now that we've had her 10 weeks, she still shies away from people in masks when we go on walks.
dOcTOr gETs BrUtaLlY aTaCKeD bY aNti-MaSkEr
I’d take one anti-masker like that over 100,000 of the two legged type.
This made my day. And oh those anti-maskers. Such problem causers!
Not to be dramatic but i would die for this animal 

r/ntbdbiwdfta
since when were non-maskers that cute?
My ovaries 😍 our Beagle is a rescue, so it took her two years to learn to take and give love. That is the one thing we have to be grateful for in 2020: my husband was furloughed at the beginning of the year for almost two months, I’ve been working from home so we’ve been lucky enough to spend a lot of extra time with her, which has made a huge different in her attitude.
Has he tried putting the dog down?

Wait. I’m talking crazy. That’s impossible.
Is her name Karen?
Beagles...Good grief!
This is love
I like dogs
Soo much happiness in 14 seconds 🌞🌞🌞
This is how my Freya reacts to seeing her vet every time. Only difference is she's 130 lbs of fluff and puppy energy lol
Puppies are the most inappropriate and unprofessional things in the world
Nothing cuter than a beagle pup!
The stuff these essential workers have to put up with.
We shall name this dog Karen!
He’s so cute! Mr licks!
Dogs are amazing.
My parents had to put down our 14 year old beagle last week while I have been away at school. This is exactly what I needed to see this morning
I see a dog, and I'm straight to my knees welcoming hello and kisses and slobbering and all that stuff, but I see a human and I look the other way and hope they don't talk to me.
My friend’s puppy did this to me yesterday. That little ball of energy tried to get under my mask to lick me.
Ah beagles! Truly the doggiest of dogs! (And I mean that in the best way).
If all non-maskers were that adorable ❤️ some are just plain rude 😞
These are the non maskers we can all support
Am I the only one paying  attention to the hot man with mask  in the video with beautiful hair and strong biceps ?
all those claws to the eyeballs lol
Why won’t you let me love you?!?
Wow no respect for social distancing? Some people...
ViCiOus AnTi MaSkEr riPs oFf iNNoCEnT DocTor’S mAsK -r/peoplefuckingdying
I want this problem so bad. Lol!
This is how my boxer is with the vet! Except, you know, at level 10 all the time and using her front legs like they are arms instead.
Anti-maskers are getting more vicious by the day
I WANT YOUR FACE
He's definitely mAsking for it.
 A dog Viciously attacks doctor
The intelligence of an anti-masker but the opposite personality.
Resistance is futile
I’m watching this and then I stopped and realized I had a ridiculously silly grin on my face :)
Your doggie loves you so very much!
Someone is really encouraging that cute puppet!!!!
Anti-maskers are getting SO aggressive lately... This one seems barking mad!
That is not 6 feet.
That is amazing 😂
This is quite literally what my dog does when in public.
That dude's got a ruff job
Me at work everyday

Literally.

I work with puppies for a living. The first thing they do when you pick them up is go for the mask lol
ost 'non-maskers' I've seen are vicious and noisy about their right to be free from a mask,not pleasant at all.  Unlike human non-makers, this pup is just adorable and deserves to be free of any mask.
Being a puppy: one of the few legitimate medical exemptions for being in public without a mask.
Could you imagine how well this gif would do as a Tinder profile clip?
r/hitmanimals Doggo tries to sabotage medical professional's efforts at social distancing.
I love the attempt to snuggle it into submission.
Take off that mask and give me 
#KISSES
I work at an animal shelter now, and I can say with complete conviction that all dogs are antimaskers. They tear mine off multiple times a day, every day. And I love it. Sweet babies.
He just wants to give kisses!
This is what it’s like wearing my mask while holding my ten month old baby
Best prescription for this behavior: muchas smoochas.
Blursed title
Non masker
Just take it off
Plot twist this is a video of a violent animal attack
There is increasing evidence that COVID19 can be transmitted to and from animals.
Puppy breath!!
...He’s probably on the higher end of anti masker intelligence
This morning my cat lay beside me licked my beard for 4 minutes straight. I timed it because I was listening to a song that was 4 minutes long.
Total failure to observe any kind of social distancing, not only refusing to wear his own mask but attempting to remove someone else's while touching the other person's eyes and face.

Scumbag.
If only it were that adorable...
Brand new account stolen post fyi. @mods
That anti-masker is relentless!
u/SaveThisVideo
/u/vredditshare
I’m a SpEd teacher and relate to this to much😂😂😂
I suddenly have the urge to squeeze someone.
wow smh, some people really don't care for others
That was so chaotic!😂
I work at a vets office and these little non-masking monsters are everywhere!
r/peoplefuckingdying
[removed]
Puppy!!
Such a cute little beagle buddy!
I’ve had one dog in my life and it was a beagle we adopted when she was 8 or 9. She was with us for six years, been gone for almost longer, yet I still think about her everyday. I loved that old dog.
Such a cute little beagle buddy!
I should have been vet instead of md, but then I remembered it's not all loves and kisses, couldn't bare to put a dog down.
Damn anti maskers!
Grinding for karma
I’m upVoteing this just because of the dog
Ted in real life!
Why are beagles so into licking face?
It would be so hard to resist taking of the mask and giving that dog a million kisses
Very disrespectful. He doesn't even keep 2m distance.
Karen can be dogs too?
I had one too! She used her little claws with laser like precision!
what kind if dog is that?
I won't bother, if their was a non-masker like him near me!! I would kiss him!
Saved for 14 seconds of therapy on demand! This is so sweet <3
I'm not especially fond of beagles but they are fine.  HOWEVER, they may well be the cutest damn puppies in the world.
Pls reform that super spreader
minus the love
This may be the cutest thing I’ve ever seen :3
That is so adorable
/r/PeopleFuckingDying
BUT THEN HOW I LICK FACE?!?!
This is the most wholesome thing in existence.
Aaron Rodgers??
RIP this guy's eyes
Cat
What a lucky doctor to get so much love from such a precious puppy.
So cute
This warmed my soul just a little bit!
The dog likes it😅
This is the sort of thing I can’t take.  I *can’t* take it.
That puppy looks so much like the Beagle puppy I had as a kid. Awe I miss that doggo. Beagles are so happy.
/u/vredditshare
Claws in the eyes are a side affect of having puppy.
Just wants to know who is behind the mask!
This is my 10 month old whenever her sees me in my mask lol
Which kind of dog is this?
The Dog is Like... You came here after so many days.  

Mwaaahhhh.... Mwahhhh......

Mwaaahhhh.... Mwahhhh......

Mwaaahhhh.... Mwahhhh......

Mwaaahhhh.... Mwahhhh......

Mwaaahhhh.... Mwahhhh......

&#x200B;

Dont Stop me or I will Bite you..

&#x200B;

Mwaaahhhh.... Mwahhhh......

Mwaaahhhh.... Mwahhhh......

Mwaaahhhh.... Mwahhhh......

Mwaaahhhh.... Mwahhhh......
[Same guy?](https://v.redd.it/knltul24ktv51)
Dogs are too pure for this world
What a cute video u/Gooeypimples
Masks suck, dogs know it.
Beagle puppies are so cute!
r/peoplefuckingdying
"Confound this thing, it's getting in the way of kisses! Remove it, I say!"
This is ridiculously cute .Love
Those little shits are puppies for 2 1/2 years and than lazy af unless there is a rabbit.. yes, i have a beagle and I love him
The Dog - Let ne love you.... Please Please please.... Dont stop me.... 🤣
Adorable doggo!
So wholesome.....

#!
He just wants to kiss your snout. Is that so bad? 😂
"THIS PAPER STOPS ME FROM CONSUMING HIS SOUL IT MUST BE REMOVED"
A beagle puppy is the absolute cutest thing in the world, nothing else comes close
The Dog is like.... You are Mine.... You are Mine.. You are Mine... Let me Lick you....Let me Kiss you... Let me Love you Mwaahhhhh....Mwaaahhhh.... Mwahhhh......
only non masker worth dealing with
I need this puppy
Beagle puppers are the best.
u/savethisvideo
Fuuuuuck beagles
Facelicker approaching, shields up!
The little pupper has a compelling reason for being anti mask
Going straight for the eyes, nice
I have an almost 1 year old and he always do something like this when I’m wearing my mask. Lol
That dog definitely is not trying to claw his eyes out and everything is fine
u/SaveThisVIdeo
😍😍😍
Which breed is this dog? A beagle? I love it.
@andresantosvet on Instagram. You’re welcome.
Great, now u got covid duchbag =(
Call the police.  That dog is in their personal space and they are spreading the Rona all over the place.  Irresponsible puppers. Too cute.
Is that Aaron Rodgers?
Wtf I love anti maskers now
Can't believe some people are so irresponsible. Smh my head.
terrible at social distancing too.
u/savethisvideo
The only acceptable anti masker
Unlike most I see, this anti-masker is adorable. I love dogs. 😭
Could be but the supplies suggest otherwise.
These are the non maskers that are allowed to swarm me
Cuteeeee
puppy breath.  :)
All that puppy breath. So Jealous!
The dog is an anti masker like me but take it off just for a quick kiss boy
Thank god all anti maskers are not like this.
Might as well not wear a mask if you're going to touch it like that.
W0oOw. ThAt DoG iS a FoRcEfUl aNtI MaSkEr. TwO wOrDs: NaTuRaL sEleCtIoN
This was the cutest. Puppy fever here!!
I love beagles. They are smarter than most humans.
Lol
This is @andresantosvet! I've followed him for a while on Instagram and trust me, it's worth it!
I wish my beagle did this. His only sign of affection is him selecting you to take him on a walk.
That was brutal.
The only type of anti masker I am ok with
Wow, no respect for personal space at all!
He's so adorable.  Cute dog, too.
Attention! High risk of Covid K-19!
These are the only anti-maskers I approve of.
Download bot, GOOO!

(seriously though, somebody help me please)
So so so soooo cutee UwU
r/peoplefuckingdying
Is this video sped up or something?
So cute!!
I’m jealous
Lol
Wants that mask sweat
My very first dog when I was like 5 was a beagle. Best dog ever. I miss him
Damn hairy Karen
I was working with a little boy and he would pull hair/ hit when he didn’t want to do work. Once that didnt work with me he started ripping off my mask (and glasses!) or better yet snapping it on my face. I was trying to get him used to wearing a mask during sessions too so he could go back to school. He kept it on for a record of 4 minutes once. Lovable little anti masker
Fun fact: Covid came from animals
Proper!
He’s not even social distancing, what a vicious attack.
He's a super-spreader!
That looks so much like my dog except mine is older lol
u/vredditdownload
Beagles are special little dogs.
I love beagles.  If I wasn't allergic, that'd be my type of dog.
Beagles are the best people... after the Medical professionals, of course.
Love it
A Dog is Faaaaar Better a companion than Fucking Gold Digger Girls... Can't stop Tears in my Eyes when watching them Kissing.....
Pup: "LET ME LOVE YOU!"
I find these really cute and don't want to be a downer; but doesn't this remove the point of masks if you're getting direct facial / mouth contact with stranger's dogs?
That’s precious
u/savethisvideo
'Medical PAWfessional' missed a zinger there
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️ Ahoj love it
Doctor attacked by ferocious and angry anti maskers, almost gets killed.
This makes me want to be a vet
this is absolutely unacceptable. someone get this dog toys treatos and pets
C-U-T-E-E
So cute
Furrious protests!
Too cute 🐶. You too Doc
Cutest Karen ever
Absolute animals, I swear
What a jerk, he doesn't understand social distancing either.
.
Awwww... Totally made my day :)
Beagles are great!!!
And it's brutal
The anti-maskers are getting out of hand!
Fuckin ted
Too cute!!
😍😍😍 beagle puppies are the cutest !!!
I never imagined I could love a non masker!!
The struggle is real
Every. damn. day.
Veterinary medicine, the only field where kisses and cuddles with the patients are allowed
Doc nuzzles into the pupper several times after they pulled his mask. It's a good response to not being able to kiss that cutie back.
I’m lease refer to us by something more accurate like “Freedom fighters”
What kind of dog is that? I want one!
u/SaveThisVideo
I usually hate non maskers but this one is adorable.
Did you see him rip the mask off that medical professional? This Karen needs to be stopped.
u/savethisvideo
Omg adorbs as heck.
Jeez that’s a ton of awards
My dog hates when I wear a mask he gets all sad
Is my vet looked like that I'd lick him too
I needed this today
The begal puppy
Honestly i would have thrown him out... and into my car.. and taken him home where I could cherish him for all my days.
What bread is this? And is it a healthy bread?
Makes me miss my Beagle Jasper so much :(
Someone calls the cop! I see I see a man brutally attacked by non-masker.
AAHHHHH I cant handle this level of cuteness
Doggy thinks he’s captured a masked criminal.

“I’m trained for this stuff you know?”
Oh sure, that beagle seems cute, but you should see all the anti-mask conspiracy stuff he posts on Twitter...
u/savethisvideo
"Here. Lemme just tear your mask off and puncture your cataracts."
Is that Evan Antin?
Dammit Karen I've told you you are not allowed to give to staff kisses
I guess we know who the Beagle is voting for ...
u/Squishydafishy
The friendship enzymes a dog lick put out are antibodies.
My 9 month old thought it was a fun game to try and remove my mask at the pediatrician office.
It’s concerning that a dog has more sense than the average American!
That was staged 😄
He's very determined!
Why does this remind my of Cats and Dogs?
I’ll take all of the dog kisses! What a little cutie.
So cute ! 🥰
I got a puppy two months ago.  This is my life.
Law breaker!
Little bitch.

literally
The movement just before it cuts looks like he’s going in for a body slam
[deleted]
The peer pressure on reddit is like high school.
Pet sitting in a nut shell- no kisses for our safety
Dude should take off his mask before trying to make out with that dog
Brutal attacc scene!!
ViCiOuS WoLf aTtAcKs dOcToR FoR AsKiNg hIm tO WeAr a mAsK r/peoplefuckingdying
I. am. going to. LICK YOUR FACE! :)
We are the dorg resistance is futile🐶🐶
I remember seeing this exact post before. 



And it gets to the top.
I wanna cuddle the dog and Dr ;D
OH MY GODDD


THAT IS SOOO CUTE AAAAAA


I LOVE IT <3
I understand it is probably just me.. I like dogs just fine, but I can't stand having them lick and snout around my face
r/savethisvideo
u/savethisvideo
Dog Karen
Most non-maskers not that cute or loving ime
If the anti-maskers used "but with a mask you can't get puppy kisses!" as a slogan instead of "MuH fReEeEdUmZ" I'd be tempted to side with them.
Too bad all non-maskers aren't this adorable and non threatening!
The only non-masker I accept
I don’t think the dog is like an anti masker. The dog is cute
Aww he/she reminds me of my old dog. He used to be just as cuddly even tho he had a broken leg, Rest In Peace Hazelnut :(
beagles are literally the perfect pup.

100% frustrating, yet 100% satisfying to own.

pro tip: hide all your food
I'm feeling a little low today mentally and this made me forget everything for a few seconds. I wish I had a pet :(
That's a #ProudBoi
I work at a vet, and a dog very gently removed my mask with her teeth to give me a kiss. It was  so cute.
Oh great now the Karens have evolved into doggies
TAKE IT OFF YOU MONSTER JUST LET HIM LICK YOU ONCE
That pup looks far too intelligent to be an anti-masker
This is the only acceptable type of anti-masker
Alexis says she misses you.
Actual footage of my wife viciously attacking me with love and affection after work
“I will kiss the coronavirus right out of you!” (but seriously, friends, wear a mask)
Anti-maskers are dumb as dogs and just as well trained but they aren't this cute.
Aww, look, a brand new karma farming shit account!!! Find something else to do!
Damn those non-maskers really bringing in the big guns now huh?
How is vet single?
[deleted]
Gah! Shit paws!
Fun fact:owning a dog and keeping it inside is healthy because dogs suck up viruses (maybe the covid) and are completley unaffected!
And if anyone here lost a dog recently heres a myth :
They say when a dog doesnt die of age it means it doed for the family because something bad was gonna happen and the dog took that bad thing with him
Masks haven’t done a thing. Record numbers daily and no end in site.
What a bitch.
Humans can infect animals with Covid, by the way.
Even the dog is like, bro, take the mask off already! Didnt you hear it has a 99.8% survival rate?? Go dog, go!
Gay
That dog has the right idea.
Is he available for adoption? Not the dog. I'm talking about the guy. Lol.
[deleted]
Dog is smart, he’s like “why are you wearing that useless thing, let me take it off for you”
As cute as that is, you have to be about the biggest moron in the medical business to have that dog in a room where you can tell you're obviously around medical equipment supplies, maybe even a treatment room and you have a pet in there,... jackasses like you make mules look bad!!!
Yes papi!!
Even the dog knows it’s bullshit. Good dog
The dog is like, let me lick your face so you'll vomit for me because that's what licking actually is for... trying to get the parents too vomit for the puppies so they'll have something to eat
More intelligent than 99.9% of Covidiots.


Edit: Apparently there are more than 11 covidiots reading these comments...
🐶=please don't neuter me, I give you love, but please don't neuter me.
😷=Sorry little buddy, but you live in Los Angeles, you are a rescued dog and it's your 4th month of life...oh and your owner doesn't want to pay the fine nor the community service hours.
They aren't effective anyways 



https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1321177359601393664.html?fbclid=IwAR3ReIMPVQuwHdzLGD8lY61VYBXxd1NEYUC3h9lFZhaIzZhQndxA0PUlE6A
