Dad joke planters.
[removed]
missed opportunity:  
to say Aloe to my Little Frond
I have an Aloe plant that was this size. Left it in my bathroom since it like humid conditions. The thing grew like a weed and no longer looks cute.
Aloe this vera much
Those folks on r/succulents would eat this up
Where did you find this? I feel like I'd smile everytime I saw that and really need that small joy in my life right now. This is officially on my xmas list to myself for my desk.
"Aloe"
Where can I buy
Don’t talk to me or my son ever again
Anyone got a uk link to these?
I want to be a potted plant person so bad but I have a black thumb. Please beautiful green things, stay away. Be happy in your adorable and endless choices of pots
/r/DidntKnowIWantedThat/
Just a tip for those wondering what that box is in the back- Spinosad Soap is great for insect/mite control on your plants or vegetables. Fertilome makes a great one, but here's what it's great for: 

Spinosad Soap is a curative control for powdery mildew.  Apply when first signs appear. and repeat in 7 -10 day intervals(do exceed restrictions listed in the Use Restrictions section of the label).  This product must come in contact with the powdery mildew to be effective.

Use Spinosad Soap for control of the following insect pests:.....adelgids (wooly aphids), ants (excluding fire,harvester, pharaoh, and carpenter ants). aphids, army worms, beetles (including the Colorado Potato Beetle), borers, caterpillars, chinch bugs, codling moth ,earwigs, fruit flies, gypsy moths, lace bugs, Leafhoppers, leafminers, leafrollers, loopers, mealybugs, mites, mole crickets, plant bugs, psyllids, sawfly larvae (e.g. pear and rose slugs), scale insects, spider mites, tent caterpillars, thrips, webworms, weevils (including black vine weevil), and whiteflies.
i love it
This is a great reminder that you can't plant flowers if you haven't botany.
where can i purchase this?!
Should have said "little fern"
Little frond. Missed pun opportunity
The best-laid plants...
My name is Tony Plantana
Then the Aloe vera should be the little one right?
Aloe

Salut

Sunt eu

Un haiduc
My aloe plant says Aloe you very much lol
I love the pots they're in!
I want these.
How'd you keep an aloe at a reasonable size? I had one before I had to rehome when my cat moved in (she would have eaten it and died) and in 3 months it probably tripled in size, it seemed to be unstoppable
I feel like "frond" could have been put to good use here, but I still like it a lot
"Say Aloe to my little friend, TINY PLANTINATOR!"  
  
-Doofenshmirtz as a plant enthusiast
I wonder if they would ask to say Aloeha in Hawaii
all of yall talking about cutness lets not forget this quote came from a movie where he guns down 57 people and has a snow days worth of snow but that snow is crack cocaine
They're so CUTE!
Monorail
Now you need a fern with a sign 

'say hello to my little frond'
Aloe.
Love this so much
Aloe from the other side! Aloe! Is it me you’re looking for?
I didn't know I found small plants to be adorable until this moment.
very pretty
Made my day hahahaha
Eyyy I had one of them little friends! It died on me yesterday
Me :)
Give it to me.
Is it bad that I'm finding these cute plants heartwarming?
I once had an aloe named Aloeson.
wish to gift it to her birthday...
I wonder if Jamie from Bly Manor would appreciate these.
Aloe
Aloe
Should’ve said “say aloe to my little fern”.
I have the plant on the right too!
Hahahaha omg that's awesome!
Aloe little guy!
ALOE
The aloe plant looks like a hand made out of aloe that’s sticking out of the ground
I read that in Billy Butcher's voice.
Would have been funnier if the small one was a venus flytrap.
Omg!! I need these in my life!
Aloe!
I thought it said "Planets" at first and was wondering if I was on a No Man's Sky subreddit for a second. Small planets are adorable sometimes.
My little frieno
Omg I want these! Dad jokes and succulents together! Where did you find them?
Donny to Joe
Where can I buy these?!?
My daughter would love to do that going to have to share this one..
This made me lol, lol thanks
Aloe :(
Cute AND punny!  I approve!
Aloe there
Its cheesy and I want on!
Plants and planters I didn't know I needed until today.
/r/microgrowery
Groot
😂😂😂
need a succulent too cute
I wasn’t expecting this. So damn funny! Thank you

Is anyone else going to be saying this all day after seeing this? “Say aloe to my little friend”
i heard it's the technique that counts
Everything and everyone needs a happy little friend.
ALOE
sadly naming protocol means there will never be a plant called "Aloe aloe" or  "Aloe aloe aloe"
The big plant is in love with his sister.  That's how it is with that family.
I'm stuck between "that's cute" and "argh, that pun!". I don't know how to feel, so take my mildly irritated upvote.
I need these pots
aEllo
I just heard Timmy and Tommy in my head reading this
Link to buy?
Small one should be called

Aloe guvnah
I’ve never considered myself to be a person who finds small plants adorable but this is cute af
Link please?
Do I need more plants? Probably not, but these are so cute I need them!
Stop pea'ing mean
It's all capital letters except the n
the small one is his child, or kid
This is Reddit, this post as much for  bad puns lovers (Aka dads) as for small -plant lovers (I am both)
Now we need someone to post a small gun.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kerning
Where can I buy these?!??!
I hate myself for loving this
It's weird how without first reading that I knew to read it in Al Pacinos voice.
😂👍
Or for people who can't get over the movie, Scarface.
Aloe!
I needed something this cute right now. Thank you.
Lol 😂 that’s great!
Where can I buy these?
Oh my. LOL moment!
Totally love this. Definitely making this
anyone know where I can get these planters?
😄
I would totally get these if I didn't know I'd end up killing both plants.
Nice! I recently got an aloe plant that I named Slimer.
T I n y p l a n t c u l t
Aloe little friend <3
They need bigger pots.
stay close to my 😍
Smol
Aloe little friend!
 Cool
And for people who find Scarface adorable.
A really pretty set of Succulents died under my watch. They were a wedding gift and handed over to us with the words "They're pretty much beginners plants. They need sun light and a dash of water every 3 to 4 weeks. Easy."

I didn't find it easy and all our other needier plants are still alive and thriving.
Chicken Little
Adorable, and funny!!!
Bahaha
What’s the plant on the right? I have one, but I don’t know what it’s called...
Aloe
Omg 😆 I need this now lol.
I will be stealing this idea.
I want it.
I mean... \*shrug\*
I usually dont but thats a good plant here have an upvote
This is vera cute
r/meormyson
I love this so much
XD
That's the nicest looking aloe I have ever seen
Where do I buy?
I want this
That made me groan and chuckle at the same time.
My parents said this was the reason i didnt have friends. But what do they know, they are just jealous
Plants are the best company you could ever have : you can never talk, vent or scream at them too much, since they litterally use the co2 from your breath as fuel. Keep talking to plants.
Aloe
Aloe there!
Where do you buy these from? XD
Aloe
I literally have my only two plants at the moment are an aloe and little round succulent. I wish I saw these planters.
I am one of those people
 NEED
What is the name of "Little Friend" my g/f has had one for ages and it's alive but hasn't grown maybe more than a few mm from when it was purchased.
This gave me some laugh after reading that Denmark new virus news....
All fun in games until the aloe vera grows 20x bigger
So an aloe plant and a succulent are aww?
Are we blind!?
Deploy the "aloe!"
Say Aloe to his little friend
I need this for my desk now.
Where do I find these!? I want to get it as a gift to my girlfriend!
Aloe little friend!!
Do Australians get the pun since that's how they say  "Hello" anyway?
Hi how you doing
Aloe
I need that
Aloe
Where can I get these mate?
I love this
r/technicallythetruth
Where can I buy this?!
Shouldn't the Aloe be in the Little Friend pot? Or are we suppose that call that succulent an Aloe?
well, now I need these
I need this!
*to my little frond.
Alright so the plants are adorable, where do I get the dad joke planters?

&#x200B;

I need these in my life.
Aloe, little friend
I am going to make this my background
Well they're way more adorable than human babies so that's an easy upvote from me.
[removed]
I find small pots adorable but the idea of plants being crowded as basically torture. Like I had a cactus who was in a 4 inch pot and was in terrible condition, and we put him in a 10 inch pot and he’s now over a foot tall. It makes me sad that he was so cramped.
OMG this is so cute! I feel that I need the same cute pots 😍
cute plant :)
r/MadeMeSmile
Shouldn’t the aloe be the little friend?
Aloe!
Aloe ver'! Aren't you an elegant one?
Damnit why do people say small things are authomatically cute. I mean if at least had a flower...
That aloe is not going to love that small pot
This is confuses me like the "you're my salt to my pepper" shit
&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

Aloe.
I like Venus fly traps. They’re cute, and they’re helpful in the Summer when flies pop out of nowhere.
Should have called the little one Vera
Omg I love it, they’re so cuttteeeee
Must be a French plant
Brawl Stars inspiration?
I'm glad the little is not Aloene anymore
I love this!
And this is for the questions that don't have an answer
The midnight glances
And the topless dancers
The can of freaks
I recently lost my aloe plant but this made me smile
Yes
Aloe.
I love everything about this
Should’ve named the little plant Vera instead
Aloe
aloe
Thanks I really needed this 💖✨
So cute!
Hello little green friend
Shouldn’t the aloe be in the other pot? Since you are calling the little friend aloe... 
I’ve already thought too much about this
Where do I get this 😭
Little friend is adorable
This is so cute!
Aloe
This is a great joke but somebody explain what an award is.(don't you dare no tell me for da funnies)
Need this in my life!
Vera good to see you
This dude has 8000 karma and a post with over 100k upvotes. HOW DOES REDDIT CALCULATE KARMA?!
Mini crewmates be like
Aloe little friend
I know what I'm getting every single person on my Christmas list this year!!!  Thank you, this is such a great idea!
"Say aloe" lol. Love a good pun.
So fun!
pitty it did not replace Friend with Frond
What’s their names?
Aloe!
THE people?  I think you mean YOU people.  We like this.
Ugh I neeed
Yeet
Aloe

Alooooooooooooooooooooooooe
Aloe
I love 'em
Say aloe to my little friend 
Isn't that Jessie from brawlstars
Don't talk to this plant or its son ever again, punk.
Que lindo
Greg?!
plants can be cute too
🥺🥺awwwwww
Super kawaii!!!
Okay, I need this.
Love it, plants need love too!!!
r/ididntknowiwantedthat
Aloe
😂😂😂
2020's best dad joke
Aloe to my little friend.
Yes
Aloe wil outgrow that fast. But cute planter!!
Then they're in the wrong pots lol. Aloe should be in the right one.
There seem to be a lot of those
Hello
Am I just negative about the world? Small plants make me depressed about the dystopia we are all living in.
Aww
That's cute and succulents are great!
According to my bf, the aloe should have been in the little friend pot.
This is also for the people who love small plants

r/bonsai
r/plantsandpots
Shouldn’t the small one have the text  “Say Aloe to my big friend” and big one “ Big Friend”
Fucking dumb
This is so cute I can't even handle
Aww! I want!! Gimme gimme!
HAHAHAHAHA! 

Thanks. I needed this.
I LOVE THIS OH MY GOD  
THIS IS ABSOLUTELY PERFECT
Awww they’re friends!
AWWWW
Omg too cute
This gives me warm fuzzies 🥰❤
That is adorable!!
Awwwww
😂😂😂
Okay can someone tell me where to get this? I need this. Not want this
I just recently had aloe drink for the first time In my life and omg 😍🤤

Edit: lmfao jfc have none of you ever had aloe verá juice?! 😂😂😂 it's OK you can downvote all you want it wont cure your depression lol
