Love at the end when she’s leaning back slowly like she wasn’t about to give kisses to the people behind her.
The cop looked fucking dead inside lmao


Edit: thanks for the upvotes holy shit
This guy's pickup game is so strong
Me: :(

Corgi in backpack: 🐶 

Me: :)
The little boy waving is what did it for me lol. So sweet.
At 38 seconds she goes chonker mode
Sad-faced Police Officer: Dammit man, I'm on duty here.  Would you *please* turn that camera off so I can pet the dog without getting in trouble??
You and your pup helped to fix the world's karma level - well done!
I'm a grown man and I still wave to dogs like the kid on the subway.
Pre-covid times were so simple... now this is so shocking..
she's madmax_fluffyroad on IG ❤️
Oh my god when she falls asleep!!!
I love how alarmed she looks when there are like 15 separate tiny hands stroking her at once lol
My favorite is the kid who shyly waves at her with a big grin
This, in turn, made me smile
God I miss pre COVID time
You are not Cheddar.
I wish i see more dogs in backpacks!
I'm going to be *that* person and just mention pup wasn't very happy with all those kids around her; a bit over whelming: the eyes tell you.
Otherwise, very content!
There needs to be a law: a minimum number of people MUST carry corgis in public
Maxine the Corgi!  She's got some great new youtube videos where she reviews toys!

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lu-Le2oXLwI](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lu-Le2oXLwI)
Her gets all the pets!!!!
You’ve got me smiling, mission accomplished!
Ahh, the before times.
I miss pre-COVID NYC.
It's so fluffy I'm gonna die!
r/mademesmile
You make me feel happy, I love this fluff. Thank you and please send more pics.
Anyone know what rucksack this is or can recommend some dog friendly carrying rucksacks?
Animals...everything that’s good and pure in this messed up world! Love this beautiful girl. ❤️
In these uncertain times, I declare backpack Corgi as President. No more stress, people! Backpack Corgi will lead us to peaceful times.
u/savethisvideo
The good times , when we where even allowed to be close to each other.
Was that Ridiculously Photogenic Guy taking a pic on the escalator?
This comment section REALLY hates that cop because he wasn’t smiling ... maybe it was a long day and he’s tired .. maybe he didn’t wanna invade dudes privacy and get all in the dogs face ... 

The cop isnt automatically an asshole because he didn’t pet the dog. C’mon people be better than that.
Can I borrow ur corgi in a backpack for 1 day. Should set me up with enough dates for life.
Lol anyone see the cop who kept on looking at the dog
Is it me, or are corgis the most adorable dog breed of all time?
THIS IS THE CUTEST THING I HAVE EVER SEEN MY HEART IS LITERALLY MELTING
I smiled the whole time I watched this
You need to go on tour 😻 
Start with Springfield MO please
Obviously I have to get a corgi. My game would improve 1000%.
From a dog's perspective people must all seem super friendly and affectionate.  Strangers all seem to love them off the bat. They only really get positive interactions from random passersby.  But it's just cuz they're dogs and they deserve it.
u/savethisvideo
This is so more acceptable to do with dogs than cats
The cop wishing he had a corgi backpack too.
That corgi must feel like the goodest boi ever
You know this is pre covid because noone is wearing a mask.
Life is beautiful when you have a Corgi by your side
Either that cop is medically unable to smile or had the worst day of his life.
The music reminds me of “It’s always sunny in Philadelphia”.
No wonder corgis are so happy, look at how everyone looks at them like they are a star or Santa Claus as a kid or free money.
I miss pre Covid life
That doggo is living its best life
That dog must feel like a rockstar.
I want to get a corgi❣️
This is the easiest way to improve everyone's life in a 10 foot radius around you. God that's such a cute doggo.
He protecc

He attacc

But most importantly, 

He fit in a backpacc
That security guard was not amused, he must not be a corgi typa guy
Is the dog a girl or boy?👁️👄👁️
This seriously made my day :) what a cutie.
Portable Smile Machine
Ahhhh\~\~ to be a corgi in a backpack on the subway
Made me smile right along with the other folks.
Thanks for reposting again!!!! Makes my day
Aw he needs a headrest lol his poor neck
Kevin Macleod is a wonderful fit for this video!
*We* *paws* *your humdrum, dreary day with this message...*
Oh, this is just goddamn PRECIOUS
Am adorable floofs ❤️
I don't like tiny dogs.  But there has always been something about Corgis that I love.  I think it's that they always seem to be punching above their weight.  It's like they have no idea that they are 1 foot tall and weigh 30 pounds.  They act like their a 70 pound German Shepard.....
wow this dog brings too much joy in this world :)
Ok if this doesn’t make your day something is wrong.  COVID can’t even bring this shit down!!
u/savethisvideo
[deleted]
I see a guest appearance at Pike Place Market!
How does she let you know to let her down for toilet?
I can't express what extreme comfort and happiness these videos bring me. It seems like heaven to just have your little buddy on adventures with you. Also the cute factor of the dog is through the roof.  

10/10 would recommend your life to others.
A tiny human in a backpack like that would be so angry with that much contact from other people.
That cop was trying so hard not to smile lol
That head roll kills me. Corgi's are so goofy, I love it.
What a darling
What is this song? I really like it!
The corgi has a fan club.
It really is that simple sometimes
Thank you so much for uploading this. It made me smile as heck. I needed that.
Does it have back problems or pain from the backpack?
I needed this today.
Omggggg what a happy Corgo!!  <3
Cutest little attention junkie I’ve ever seen.
How to get attention from the ladies 101
What if the dog pp's?
My covid senses are tingling.
So cute
u/savethisvideo
That's Max the Fluffy Corgi.  He is so cute.
Aww.. the good ol’ times...no masks
Ahh the before times
Humans are simple creatures, we see cute doggo, we smile.
So so sweet and wonderful , pup loves the attention .
Unless that dog has no legs.... Get out and walk, you lazy freeloader!
Was that Martha Stewart?
Must of been 2019 B.C (before COVID)
Bet it felt like having a pokemon on your back and people are like omg so cute i have to pet it
How much for hourly rentals?
This needs to be deployed by the military across the US, immediately.
We can only hope the final stage of reincarnation is actually becoming a dog.
I needed this today. :)
My next life better be happy dog in backpack
People would ask to take pics of my dog when she was in a backpack. Sometimes I wonder where the pictures are on the internet.
So many pets
Maxine and marcel are my favourite corgis online.

Thank you for putting a smile on my face everytime i see maxine on instagram.
“Wowzers am goez on adventure, and gets all attention”
Her name is Maxine and she lives in NY with her owner! He takes her to work with him almost everyday and has a special backpack for her 🥰
When I die I’d like to be reincarnated as exactly this corgi
She may not know it, but she's a professional therapy dog.
This never gets old no matter how many times I watch it.
What happens when the dog has to go to the bathroom?
Doing God's work
Who wouldn’t smile when they see a corgi?
Ah the before times when we didn’t wear a mask. Bittersweet
They look so happy and confused 😂
WHY IS NO ONE WEARING A MASK?!?! Seriously cute doggo, 10/10, would pet again. BUT SERIOUSLY PEOPLE PUT A MASK ON! THERE IS A GLOBAL PANDEMIC!

Edit: Sorry everyone, I didn't do a good job here, was supposed to be a joke. I figured it wasn't filmed this year. Too many people look happy, and you know... present, for this to be recent. Still though, for all of us in the present crisis, wear a mask :)
As a fellow Seattle redditor, I hope to see this dog some day!
Shit made me smile. And I haven’t smiled since the early 90s
I need a corgi and a backpack, stat
Needed this so damn bad
That dog absolutely believes he is King.
I bet that dog gets dude laid.
Everybody saying Awwwe but me just wondering if this was before Corona cuz no one is wearing masks
I live in NYC and every day I hope I see this dog. 😂
I want a Deliveroo/UberEats system where I can order a guy with a dog to turn up at my location for a little doggo fussing time, to get me through the rest of the day please
I got a backpack like this to carry my corgi in after seeing it a while ago.   It works well.  I have a long girl who isn't overweight just big.  She's a tank carrying around.
That is such a patient and well adjusted dog. Having that many strangers just up in his personal bubble and being okay. Good Boy.
I miss not having to always wear a mask.
Don’t mind me I’m just enjoying pre covid times
I love love love love this post.
Fuck you Covid, the world was such a good place 🥺
This just made my day
I feel like I need to punch a wall now to balance out the overload of cuteness from this lol
Not the here we deserve but it’s the hero we need!
Can i match you with my chihuahua just being there
go figure, the cop didn’t smile. 😑
That cop has the most tired eyes I’ve ever seen.
I love this, but I can't stop thinking about the poop or pee in the backpack when you get home
Scared boi
One of the best stress relievers is to pet a dog.  He's also loving the attention.
Whats more adorable - the corgi, or people siling to corgi?
Pre-covid nyc :/
The only anti depressant everyone wants
That corgi is just straight up vibing!
New York cops some of them are the worst he seems so smug & joyless!!!
Is this the subway Corgi guy?  Do you have a water bottle you can pass to the dog for easy drinks?
I did not want this video to end
that cop has no soul!
I love da Pupper. His sleeping is soooooo angelic looking
The little boy waving to the dog 😍
I’m sorry but why is that dog in a bag
obligatory /r/DogsInBags
Police man was not amused
Bruh the dog living his best life 😂😂
I think I would have started biting when twenty people started petting him all at the same time.  That is a great dog!  I didn’t realize that Corgis were that furry!
Lmao. Get out. That’s so cute I can’t even
You make me feel happy, I love this fluff. Thank you and please send more pics.
He’s like “Why are we still here? Just to suffer?”
I love him/her!
I'm so sad that I haven't seen this guy yet
I look forward to doing this with our mini schnauzer ❤️
Certainly made me smile
What’s not to love??? CORGIS RULE
I've never seen a better boi
For some reason the man in uniform was not happy.
the police officer is staring at the camera like “i must not pet it...”
People love dogs no matter their background or affiliation. Nice to see.
Gosh I needed that smile today. He’s adorable!
you mean a loaf in a backpack.

SO FREAKING CUTE
that police dude nearly sleeping lmao
Pre covid yeah?
This guys’ superpower is to make people smile
seeing animals vibe and be happy makes me even happier
Dogs bring out the best in people
Admittedly, corgis have been an issue in the past.  However, this guy/gal is totally adorable!!
He's a ham
False the police officer did not smile
best day everrrr!!!! what a cute pups!!!
My heart fucking melted
u/SaveThisVideo
OMG this is so great.  Puppy love is universal.  I love that cop in the background trying not to look at the puppy when you know he wanted to give pets and smooches.  LOL.
I put a tie on my dog and get similar reactions 😊
Every day I get the metro I hope to see a dog. Dog on train brightens everyone's day.
This is ridiculously adorable. Like criminally
8k more people: :)
Omg one of my teachers was in the background
I really needed this happy feel. Thank you so much, and please give your lil chonk a belly rub & smooch from this internet stranger!
I could’ve sworn I saw Ryan Renolds, or at least a look alike, in the beginning of the video
Are these comfortable for dogs? I always thought holding them from their butts upright was bad for their spines because they don’t have the same level of support there that apes and primates do
Made me smile too 🥺🥰😁
Everyone but the jaded guard eh - well done little Corgi (and human) 👍
I love seeing these videos, they always make me smile
The worlds most famous Corgi strikes again
please more content
Who is this guy? Ive seen him before but don’t know who he is
Awww my heart 😭
This dog gets so much tail
Is this oc?
I hope the flute music just plays out of a speaker in the backpack everywhere they go.
That’s not cheddar that’s some basic bitch
Fluffy doggo
Maxine ❤️❤️❤️
Save some girls for the rest of us!
What a cutie !!!!
music?
nawwww 🥰🥺
I also have a long dog that I’d like to be able to put in a backpack occasionally. She’s 37 pounds, is this sensible at all?
:40 Cop is just ded inside
I need more of these
He’s doing Gods work
Her face in the train is just like:
Please stop
I love Mad Max!!! ❤️
It's Maxine, she's on IG. I love her!
LOADED WITH SOUND ON. 

NO
Adorable af!
dont cry, dont cry come on
Is that Penny Marshall at 0:20?? Guess she's probably older than that now..
Seattle!!!! (At least part of it was in pike place)
Fishing for attention: hardcore

The ultimate edition
Cop: Must. Not. Smile.
Excuse me, this video is far too short.
I love your videos. When I have a bad day and your video pops up. I feel better. Too bad I haven’t seen your backpack corgi yet. But I also haven’t ridden the subway in 10 months
U/savethisvideo
Dogs doing God's work
What I would give to feel what that Corgi was feeling at 0:30. Peak bliss :D
I also smiled
I want a Corgi... NOW!
That ended so beautifully
Corgis are the perfect backpack dog.
Top 10 anime betrayals by the OP
Help he just
Put me in here 
I do not know him
*everyone liked that*
MY HEARTTTTTTTT 😍😍😍😍😍
I needed this wholesome sweetness today!
Aw I have a dog back home. Your dog reminded me of him. I miss him very much.
👏best 👏boy
Fuck COVID-19. I wanna pet a corgi in a backpack on a train... with everyone!
What a good dog.
Hey !! At least buy me dinner first !!!
The best part is that the dog doesn’t look stressed out at all.
I just realized how used I got to the new normal. “Look, people aren’t wearing masks, what a joyful era that was!”
My fluffy boy!
If you ever want friends, just get a to-go puppers :)
I see no mask
Needs the Cowboy Beebop soundtrack. A+ 12/10 would give ms corgi all the scritches
The is wholesome AF.
Minus that one cop.
The corgi had two stressful moments, but he certainly loved some of those pets
Because I’m a judgy-mcjudgeington I was initially thinking, ‘dogs aren’t babies, gross!’ 

But your dog genuinely seems to enjoy this, and all the attention so I’m like, ‘ok ok, I will let myself enjoy this.’ Insert heart eye emoji
I love the group of school kids! They are all so happy and puppers looks all shy
He is the Messiah!
Soo cute. Such a good boy/girl, yes you are!
Imagine standing in a train and suddenly you feel something licking the back of your head but luckily this time when you turn around it's this cute  puppy
Im not showing this to my corgi, she is enough of a princess as it is. If she knows she can be carried around and adored by endless people she may attempt world domination.
I wonder if he knows how many people he relaxed that day
Cop probably just had a long day, maybe he has his own dog at home
One mask in this video, is this somehow pre covid?
Also the music selection 👌🏼 delightful
what kind of bag is that? would love to get one for my mini-schnauzer =)
If this guy isn't a serial killer he absolutely could be and the cop knows it.
I love how he's cool with adults, concerned about kids.  Mine is the same way.
I love the squat happy face
This is like the more wholesome version of that “phone in back pocket to see if people looking at my butt” things
Sir.  I am a big fan of corgi in a backpack.  It always brightens my day seeing it.
Is it weird that I could watch hours of this?
What is used to carry the dog?
That is FANTASTIC!❤
yo how did this corgi go from new york to seattle and back to new york
So cute
such majestic beasts..
That cop is not a dog person
I will never not upvote this.
Soo cute
Omg I love it 💕
r/wholesome
Oh god this music. Hundreds of hours of YouTube are coursing through my mind from my childhood
I had a really great day, and this is still the best thing I’ve seen all day.  People and pups making a difference.  Awesome
10/10 
Thoroughly enjoyed that! Reminded me that not only do I like dogs, I like people too.
❤
The world’s therapy dog.
What's up with that ornery cop?
This dogs livin the dream lol
My buddy and his fiancé got one, his name is Benny.
00:27 So this is the full video of this meme!
This video is the reason why my wife and I, are going to adopt a corgi 😊
OMG WHEN YOU SHAKE YOUR PHONE ON REDDIT AFTER LOOKING AT POLITICS AND SHIT YOU GET CUTE VIDEOS OF DOGGOS JNRIEKS WJWINFEINWBFJEKNDNFJNENDF
I don't usually say stuff like this but 

OMG HE'S SO CUTEEEEEE!
UwU
how to get the ladies 101
If my dog wasn’t 50kg I’d love to do this ! Very cute
Everyone loves corgi
Such a cute doggo!
Is this a repost? Hard to believe THAT many people don’t have a mask on.
The last clip is just so adorable.
TAKE MY UPVOTE SIR
I want
That little kid on the train waving is me when I see any dog
At the very end the dog nosed to his wife - that’s how they met.
Doog
u/savethisvideo
I wish my dog was this friendly ☹️ He’d love getting all this fuss too, just doesn’t know what he’s missing!
This would not work with my Jack Russell
Poser with his unsuspecting corgi
Lol, he was completely over it when he got too many people at once.
Curses, reposted again!
Covid time
Vacccine please! I wanna pet the doggie too!
This is quality media
Hooman who are these other hoomans that give scratchies
you could have picked any other song
I guess I want a corgi now?
Damn now I will think about lack of corgis in my backpack whenever I would wear one . Thanks a lot OP !
This is one of my favorite videos on the internet.
I miss the closeness of pre-covid.
I hope this was pre-Covid with all the maskless people....
Is that Ryan Reynolds on the right at 00:08?
This was before covid
What is the secret of a Corgi that brings out the best in people??
OP love the video!
Would you mind me asking, what dog bag is this and what are your thoughts on it?
BRO, DO SOCIAL DISTANCING!!
That cop looked like he had a rough shift.
Has she ever... uh... peed on your back?
It must be wild for dogs in backpacks to see the world from the perspective of a human. Given how excited they get when you lower yourself to their eye level.
I need like an hour of this.
What a perfect loop
OMG I'm melting! I love this soooooo much. Thank you! <3
I 💙 Max!!
Who doesn't love a sweet little dog in the subway. Prob the only time nyers smile
I smile every time I see this
Looks like cops dont like corgies.  I guess the ol' saying about cops is true, huh...
u/savethisvideo
I could watch this ALL. DAY. Such a cutie.
Can anyone tell me what kind of personality or drive corgis have? I’ve wanted one forever. Are they kid friendly? 

Yes I could look it up but I’m curious from an owners perspective. Thanks!
There was a time, when I would touch any doggy. Asking first wasn’t really on my mind. 

Oh the tables have turned, now I should be so lucky to be under, 12 or over 55!
Probably the 7th time I've seen this, and I will upvote it every time.
Someday I hope to be able to travel safely again. I hope to return to NYC and run into this majestic beast on the subway and get to pet.
Why is it so important to take a picture when you could just be in the moment and enjoy it?
Omg so floofy. How do you keep yourself from monching that pupper all day?
the man: 👁👄👁
Her name is Maxine! She’s on Tik Tok @madmax_fluffyroad
The little boy shyly waving at the dog is one of the cutest things ive ever seen
Give me the backpack...
Dog: hey guys, who wants some free Covid?
People: me me me!!!
Dammit to hell. I wish I hadn’t just given away my free wholesome award before I saw this post of wholesome goodness.
Pre-covid
Im sorry, the dog has corona now:(
I love this but could people PLEASE stop reposting this
 Ahhh, No masks in NYC. Simpler times...
As a cat and bird person I can say this is literally the most adorable thing ever.
This guy and his dog probably lifted so many spirits and made people’s day.
This is what we need right now
I need an r/animaltextgifs of this right now!
That cop is not having it.
Holy crap I NEEDED this today... I would love to be that pup!
So... Fucking... CUUUUUUUUUTE!!!!!
The falling asleep with the head on his shoulder is ridiculously cute
That's not cheddar, that's some common bitch
So dogs can look up
I love this - but in this pandemic era all those people in such close proximity was giving me anxiety.
No masks? When was this?
widepeepoHappy
I smiled profusely
As a former cop who did not try to act like a hard ass... why cops gotta try to act hard ass?
Damn puporazzi...
The loop is perfect timing too
Ah pre Covid vibes
That cop tho
[deleted]
Well this was def filmed before covid lol
That corgi is like a gift from God
What an attention hound...
The lady at 0:18 looked like a corgi in human form.
Easiest way for a serial murderer to get around. People are so base and stupid that they see you have a cute dog and immediately think the word of you as a person.
COVID-19: This is what I could travel wherever I want😃
People: where is this virus come from?🤔
Me: 🤦🏻‍♀️
He’s loving every second of that!So cute!
This is the best thing I've seen all week.
Not all heroes wear capes!  Some wear corgies!
I have smiled.
Omg!  I need this on a live watch!  Please!!!!
Seattle views
Was this pre-COVID? Ahhhhh, what a time to be alive!
Dogs make great wingmans
This dog kinda looks like Julia Nunes.
This happens to me with all the ladies. I don't own a dog though...
It's amazing how something so simple can bring a spot of joy to someone's day.
Isn't this a top all-time reposted video?
The goodest boy
This is definitely made pre-corona.
Because she’s a good girl🤗
Is this Maxine?
Remember when we could be in crowds?
Reminds me of how much I miss pre-Covid NYC.
I would do this with my shiba 😍
Totally smile-worthy, who could resist!
Is this old bc no one is wearing masks?
Hi, hi,hi,hi,hi. Scratch me, I love you all!! Kisses for you!
Oh wow. I'd die for this doggy
We needed corgi on polling places. That would have been a therapeutic.
The cop wanted to let him so bad
I have the same backpack! Thankfully I could order it from Germany. We love it! My dog gets tired now on hikes and so she can have a rest on my back.
But she would get nervous when so many people at once  would surround and touch her.
I never get tired of these!
I have definitely seen you on the train before!
Man that corgi must feel like a superstar
Making people smile in Reddit with a camera on a corgi in a backpack.
This just makes me sad because NYC is full of scaffolding for literally no reason.
What do you think about people petting your doggo?

Obviously you're fine with it, but do you prefer people ask first?

I have friends who just got a Corgi pup and they're super protective of it, not letting people pat it without asking first, even putting a little "do not pat me" tag on his harness.

To be fair their immune systems are compromised and there's a pandemic going on. Plus the dog does get overwhelmed by giant hands coming at it. But still, seems a bit over protective to me 🤔
It’s cheddar.
It be cooler if it was a cat :3 🤷‍♀️
He definitely made me smile.
# @madmax_fluffyroad
So, this is how you spread corgivid-19
AAAA SO CUTE AAAAAA😍
Corgi hate Corona
So much love
Dogs are the absolute best.
Where is this wonderful place where we can walk freely with dogs and no masks without dying?
That's the cutest thing I've ever seen.
This is the most delightful thing I’ve seen all day
Dude at .37 😹😹😹😹
The corgi has eyebrows 😆
NOOOOOO WHY DID IT HAVE TO END
That cop wouldn't give us a smile... Smh.
awww cute
Were you in Seattle at one point? I thought I saw Pike Place Market...
I just lost my Corgi, Dexter, last month and this was always the response from people when he was alive.

I miss that little guy.
U/savethevideo
Pats... overwhelming
Perfect thank you <33333
Love how this loops
I want a corgi so bad!!!!
Chick magnet nice
Who the fuk are all these people!!!!! Corks face was priceless. lol.
Corgis are the only small dog breed I know of that I think I would ever get.
Saw you biking past the old fairway in Harlem a couple weeks ago. I’m not sure if you noticed a jackass waving at your dog from an uber. It was me.
Made me smile like a madman
I thought the vid looked like Seattle at the start.  Then I saw pike place. Where did you all go to film this.
Those little welsh dogs are just the cutest
Look at that smile!
Ah a seattle man I see
Huh. This reminds me a lot of the account @madmax_fluffyroad I think it was? On TikTok? Is that you?
I love the lady with the purple vest in the beginning who stops in the street to smile.
Oooh, it is so cute!! Dogs are wonderfull creatures.
I’ve needed this
I saw this while in the bathroom and my mom hear me giggle hahah
Mad Max, you foxy lady!
He’s like 
So much love
Everyone liked that
Perfect music. 😍
Hahaha I can’t stand it! So cute! I would follow him all day long!! Adorable!
Did corgi get scared at all? I would have had I had that many people petting me at one time.
The doggie dozing off is the best.
Amazing , I love it
The only thing that hurts me more than seeing people crowded without masks, is not being able to pet that dog.
I hope this gets reposted alot
I watched three times. Missed the loop
u/SaveThisVideo
Absolutely adorable. I’ve got a senior Maltese-poodle (15lbs) I’d love to carry around like this, esp on longer walks. Does anyone know of this is generally safe for their spines? If he seems comfortable, he is perhaps? 

He has no underlying spine or other health conditions and is in generally good health. He’s just a little hard pressed to walk more than two miles or so.
Lol is this post-covid?
Works every time!
[deleted]
Annoyed the policeman didn’t smile :(
Ohhh my lanta that doggo is perfect and if I saw that on my day to day routine, it would be sure to turn my frown upside down! What a handsome dog!!!
Does anyone know what backpack he's using? My Corgi is so long she doesn't seem to fit any of them, especially when she ragdolls
Cargo corgi
I love this so muchhhh
It’s a beautiful thing to do. Especially when in an environment where people there really like dogs
Aaaa the pre-COVID world...
Love it
*inserts meme 
“Not the hero we deserved, but the hero we needed”
People become so beautiful when they smile. Especially in the last one since obviously that woman is pretty, but all the other ones too. A hearty smile makes such a difference.
The security guy staring at the camera lol
Don't go changing, to try and please me.
You never let me down before...
Don't imagine, you're too familiar.
And I don't see you anymore...
I wouldn't leave you, in times of trouble.
We never could have come this far...
I took the good times; I'll take the bad times
I'll take you just the way you areeeeeee
Omg what kind of backpack? I’ve been wanting one for my shiba
Zwei is you?!
I wanted to make a joke and say that I forgot what people looked like before masks but.. MOTHERFUCKERS STILL OUT HERE NOT WEARING ANY
u/savethisvideo
Maxime...I'm sure someone posted this, but if not .....Instagram for this corgo .... madmax\_fluffyroad such a sweet corgi!
Well this is obviously an old af video...no masks, no social distancing..ah..I remember the good ol' days.
Anybody realise the guard and the corgi were doing the same face.
I love everything about this thanks
People are making that dog smile just as much as it makes them smile. That adorable little face is having the time of its life
This made my day - thank you!
Good way to pick up chicks.
I want to do this with my cat
If I had a dog like this on my back people still wouldn't approach me
Subtle dig at the cop.
0:28 he looked kinda anxious
Police officer at 36 seconds was eye fucking the camera hard
Thank you! It's what we need right now.
I miss my city and it's people.
Now he thinks he's a kind of god
I miss the good old days
The guy on the escalator was so friendly looking
I need more of this
The girl at the end and the corgi had a cute moment i must say
All dogs are great, but corgis are like samples of what to expect from heaven. I would love to have one some day.
"You gotta pet him so he can feel it "
r/mademesmile
We need people like this
The Corgis I've been around are actually pretty mean.
All those pets! Beautiful doggo.
I miss pre-covid days...
I love New Yorkers and corgis.
hellooo people¡
Thanks, I love it
I needed this today, thanks OP :-D
u/savethisvideo
He’s so cute and popular
Everyone liked that
I want to pet the officer in the back
Could we get like one of these a week, pretty please?
That cop in the background is like oh wow it's just a dog.
Which bag are you using he looks pretty comfy
Corgi in a backpack, I know, know it's serious.
Beautiful and adorable ❤️
u/savethisvideo
Corgis make the best footstools!
This is so sweet. Thanks for sharing!
I love this so much haha
C H E D D A R
You know that video where hot chicks will go around in tight pants and record guys looking at their butts? This is the wholesome version of that.
Certainly made myself and many others smile as well. Love a great repost.
Aww in the before times 😢
I would love to know what backpack he used to hold the dog
I’ve seen these two around the city :)
I wish I had awards to give. This made me smile more than anything else in the last two months since my mom passed away. This is just precious and absolutely wholesome.
What a charmed and interesting life this pup leads.
Not a single fucking mask
u/savethisvideo
That is one of the best things I've ever seen.
I love Corgis
The dog is like
Who the hell are these people petting me? But free pets
Hope this video is old because all I see are soon to be dead people waiting at the graveyard list. On the other hand, that officer keeping his composure must be like... MUST. NOT. PAT.
That dog is liiiiviiiing the liiiiiife
u/savethisvideo
None smiling as big as that Corgi
VERY GOOD VIDEO.
Omg this makes me so happy
She's such a good girl!!!!!🥰🥰🥰🥰
Suuuuper bad for their backs
I love that look of surprised delight on everyone's faces
Does anyone have anything like this video but ... 3 hours long?
I could watch an hour of this.
so cute
I love this!
I want a corgi.
CHEDDAR!
Official animal of world peace
I could use this rn.
Did you go to paws for a cause at lafarge a couple years ago?
corgi is a cute dog ;)
can I know what is the background music used in this uwu
u/savethisvideo
Quality repost
This dog probably has a billion upvotes at this point.
I love the smile so much!!!!
[deleted]
I WANT A CORGI SO BAD
u/savethisvideo
Then the doggo gets coronavirus..then gives it to the rest of the family.
I love the officer. It looked he wanted to smile but he couldn't break the tough cop facade lol
Chick magnet
Where are peoples masks 🧐
doggo cam bringing smiles all around.
Made me smile.
I can’t stop watching this, so cute!
More please
Thats so great. We can all use some smiles!!
This is just about what I needed right now. Smiling is great!
Man.. that police officer is just *dead* inside... I mean, not even a flicker of reaction to the pupper. That's cold.
this is super cute... but I guess people in New York(?) just don't get to see a lot of dogs? is that why there's such a fascination?
Best 53 seconds of my life 
#MadeMeHappy
Aw
THIS IS WHAT 2020 NEEDS!
Where do you get a doggy backpack?
This is amazing lol makes me laugh
Omg if my college professor hadn’t already moved out of the city, I would so have asked if you were him!!!!
My 8 yo daughter approves 👍
Notice how it’s only women and children.
I just noticed this was posted by “u/kittytime” but this isn’t a kitty, is it? This is actually a turtle. Smh
“HES A GUUUUUDBOUYYYY!” 😄
I think I have seen this loaf of bread on the NY subway last Christmas, Either that or NYorkers just carry around corgi's in their backpack. 

Yes he made us all smile
Toot toot! Corgi on bordi!!!!! 🤗🚂🚂🚂💗
I honestly needed this video today. Thank you.
Everyone smiles at the puppy!
u/savethisvideo
I WANT HIM
Thanks for making everyone’s day a bit better, including us watching.
This does put a smile on my face
the black dude in the train looked like he has 10th stage depression
Sweet, didn’t know their hair is that long
100% Cute ! Can  I touch her！
I am in love with this
Got some floof, there boi
u/savethisvideo
Just curious. What happened if the dog having a bad day and give those hands one lil bite?
I lost it so much at the end !!!!
u/SaveThisVideo
Igetsallthepetses!
What back pack is this ? I need it for my Pitbull.
Give me your dog
He’s a lad...
that cop refused to break character huh. lol
beautiful floooooooflball living his best live
Aww that dog is so cute! Brings everyone a smile unlike that pig!
I want one
I love corgis! Whats her name? Let it be food. Or Einstein?
Any chance on the deets for the bag? I have a corgi I would also like to take everywhere. She loves to be held but is too friendly for public.
Public service at its best. ♥️
Guys drowning in woman
Ahww ‘member pre-covid? 
It was so cute
Why do we all talk to dogs with a high pitch voice?
I love the parts where the dog was dozing off lol I love corgis.  I've only ever had good experiences with them.
An hour and a half of this would probably save the movie theaters tbh
u/savethisvideo
*everyone liked this*
Even the police officer was like, "I wanna pet it so bad...."
u/savethisvideo
Pre covid
My cat always tries to climb into my backpack
That was awesome. Its amazing how animals change people isnt it. They love unconditionally. Your  a wonderful human with a awesome dog.
I would spray Lysol after all those pats
Can’t wait till I get to adopt my corgi
Just want to pet the dog.
This isn’t the post we deserve right now, but it’s what we need.
Corgi for president
“You are a good man. Thank you.”
I can see maxmoefoe going Corgi in a backpack! Corgi in a bacpack!
Good Dog
This is how he get the ladies/mans
This is amazing
So much love
Needed this
And that’s how COVID is spread
Two more hours of this please and thank you.
I will never get tried of seeing this over and over
I can’t get one girl but this dog can get 50
I need one
And here we see Obama’s long lost brother, Lieutenant Carmine Obama.
That cop staring like: “should I arrest?” 😂
Doing work of god.. have an upvote.
Awww I wish I could do this to my lab.
Fucking music makes me wanna burn witches
u/vredditshare
That one Chinese guy: Hey, no food on the train!
Father why are they all touching me
Making people smile and a cutie, this is one of the most adorable things ever
Very much needed. Thanks
It’s like Kamala Harris carrying Biden around to nursing homes
The COVID super spreader corgi
The corgi is the real winner here.
I get the same reaction motorcycling with [my muffinheaded biscuitbutt in San Diego traffic](http://www.calamarichris.com/wp-content/uploads/200916-nenker-katesessions.jpg). 

It rules to watch peoples' day suddenly get brighter and better in these dark times.
[deleted]
This dog is definitely living it’s best life 💜 ❤️
/u/vredditshare
Madmax Fluffyroad ?
nice
This is SO needed right now ❤️
Amazing
If this dude gets a skateboard and some crannberry juice he could break the internet.
This gave me tears of joy.
Gods work right here.
I want more! I could watch this for hours.
:D
Ah yes. The beforetimes.
Must be before Covid no one wearing masks, good to see everyone happy and smiling though, even me, nothing like animals to make your day.
No matter your religion...
No matter your politics...
No matter your gender...
No matter your orientation...

Backpack corgi.
So nice. Thank you
Please make a YouTube channel of just corgi backpack videos. I would watch that shit ALL DAY!
How to set up my dog in a backpack configuration mode?
Puppies > negative 2020 news BS forced in our hearts 24/7
This is the cure, if you have bad day. ❤️
u/savethisvideo
u/savethisvideo
Damn I'm doing that now
He looks like a king
Truly a good deed
Thanks for making my day better
This dog is living the life.
If this is your original post we need more!
is this pre covid?
You know how I know this is old?
My covid-19 anxiety hits hard
