That dog has a better life than most people in the world.
Dogs enjoying farm life videos are awesome
My mom got one when I was in high school and he got to be 180 lbs!I suffered insomnia really bad and would take a lot of night time walks and I always felt safe with him accompanying me.Had a growl that could rattle a tree and the biggest dang teeth I’ve ever seen,but was such a sweet boy with our kittens.The only thing you have to be careful about is hip dysplasia as it’s really common in big breeds like this.Also they love to lean on people and many a guest was knocked over by accident while acquiring pets.

[Pics of my sweet boy 💗](https://imgur.com/gallery/3gAL3uI)
Thank you for cutting it off before the Doggo gets older and slower and I start weeping
Beautiful baby
Kangals are goddamn enormous, lol.
What breed of dog is this? Looks and acts exactly my rescue. We had always assumed he was a German Shepard mix.
They grow up fast in size only.

My Rough Collie was still the same playful mentality as a 2mth old puppy when I got him until the day he passed aged 10.
Even when he was stricken with liver failure and all sorts of health issues, he was playful until the day he suddenly couldn't move at all and just lay there. but kept raising his head up (only part of his body he can move), doing his usual playful head bob that I have seen since the day I knew him, signalling he wants to play.

Then when I lay his cheery face on my lap as I pet him, he suddenly passed on and lay silent. 

You little beautiful bastard you knew it was time to go and you trapped me to come down lay beside you and play with you one last time with that little usual head bob. 

(Incidentally, this happened to most of my pets. My budgie and my chinchilla also died in my hands/arms/lap, I want to cry...)

RIP my beautiful best friend.

(So sorry to suddenly turn something wholesome to something so sad. Because this fella reminded me the most of my old friend)
We're all lucky this didn't end like I hoped it wouldn't
Aww him and his baby moo friend ❤️
He'll always be a pup, just an old one ^_^ he's got the spirit of a pup
I want 30 mins of this pls. Especially with how 2020 is going
This is the farm omnis think their great value Walmart meat comes from
Ugh the music. I irrationally hate this and i cannot articulate why.
Super sad that all his friends are dead
Well there goes my tears
Oh my heart! What a wonderful life for this pup!
What the hell is that song, why does the singer shift to some stupid voice like he caught his balls in a door. Like, that really sounds like me when i put on a stupid high pitched voice and he's actually singing with it.
Does anyone find it pretty crazy how there's a calf in here and a puppy who both display similar traits and yet one will live a full pampered life and one will be slaughtered and become food lmao
If only we could treat all the animals in this video the way that dog is treated...
Yall know what will happen to these cows right?
I have to give you so many kudos for giving your working dog excellent socialization and training. I’ve acquired several livestock guardians at about 9-11 months old - when they’re no longer cute puppies and when training them starts to get hard. People think they can just throw LGD puppies out in a field and let their instincts take over and I hate that so much!! I’ve put a solid 7 months of work into a female that I got when she was nine months and gosh I swore a lot during those months. But after consistent training and being spayed, she has turned a corner and is a Very Good Girl. I can leave her with the chickens unsupervised now. So to see your dog get such great training makes my heart so happy.
You’re so lucky you didn’t show him dying. I mean, I’m so lucky you didn’t show him dying!
it’s a shame basically all of the cows, chickens and sheep will be slaughtered for food. :(
Jesus watch without sound 😖
[removed]
What is that song???
aww such a pretty kangal boy, they are the unique breed of my hometown in anatolia, sivas. shepherds prefer them because they are so big and strong they can easily defend the flock against wolf attacks, and even though they seem so enormous and scary, they are all such goofballs. when i was a kid it was very usual to see stray kangals walking around the city. i do miss them.
Super weird vibes from this video.
What a great life for that pupper.  All dogs should be so lucky.
Now I'm sad cuz at the beginning he had this little friend, this black tiny calf, and where is he now? Are they still friends?
In case anyone was wondering about the song,

it's a cover of Home (originally by Edward Sharpe and the Magnetic Zeros) by Tom Rosenthal, published under the "pseudonym" Edith Whiskers (also on Spotify). :)

He's the most wonderful musician and just the wholesomest human being btw.
God this cover is fuckin bad
The type of video that makes you drop everything to become a farmer, then realize you don't know shit about farming and it's a crazy amount of work.
was so afraid it was a memorial video
I love it!
Movie of the Year.
I'll always tear up to this ancient dog eulogy:

"I am in tears, while carrying you to your last resting place as much as I rejoiced when bringing you home with my own hands 15 years ago."
Lol I thought at the beginning the dog turned into that massive cow
Anatolian Shepard?
Damned, why am I crying?!!
I'm jealous of this dog's life!
Chunky puppy phase is an amazing phase
My dog is a Great Pyrenees lab mix that we got from a litter born on a farm and he looks exactly like this- he’s my baby!! He’s so cute!! He looks big and mean and he’ll bark at strangers but all he does is cuddle haha
Dogs = free upvote
Omg
I love it
What a great life this baby has!❤️
That dog is going to be the next  Dalai lama.
Can’t express how happy I am that this video stopped short of the completion of the pups life
My day is better
Oh what I would do to be a farm dog
This was so awesome thank you for sharing.
It must be so nice as a dog to live on a farm. So much space to play on. He/she looks so happy.
I want to be reincarnated as a farm dog.
The higher vocal in the background music sounds like the Pervy old neighbor from family guy
Cute dog, but if I never hear this self-indulgent, hokey song ever again, it’ll be too soon.
Hi, reddit police? Yes, this OP right here needs to be arrested for posting a video that ended too soon.
Love the video, so damn adorable, but that signing is so bad. Reminds me of that tiptoe through the tulips
Never thought I'd hear Tom Rosenthal in a video like this!!! He's got a lovely voice.
You just made my whole thank you really thank you
I don’t want the video to stop
i don’t save many posts, but this... this brought me so much joy
Song?
This is what the internet was made for
The only Tik Tok I will ever upvote. I give you this great honor and hope you may take it with you
I hope this is the life my dog had when my parents “took him to the farm”
Doggo living his best life 😭
I want that dog's life
That dog has the perfect life.
Ouch might be the worst song I ever heard.  That guys off tune voice.
Calves are taken from their mothers after a couple days and are given supplemental milk. As cute as this is, the mother is wailing for that calf right now. Not your mom, not your milk.
Thank you for this ..what a wonderful life on a farm for your beautiful  dog
I would die for him.
He's living his best life. Not going to lie feeling very jelly...
The song is a cover of Home by Edward Sharpe & The Magnetic Zeros, don't know who's doing the cover though.
This made my day, thank you so much!
This is almost a commercial for people to start getting into farming. 

 "Do you love Dogs?  Is your Dog considered as part of your family?  If you answer yes to either of these questions, try farming.  Farming is proven to increase joy, socialization and general well being for Dogs.

Ask your family today about becoming farmers"

This message has been brought to you by the Pups and Paws association of America.
The irony in this vid is a bit sickening.
Too wholesome
best part of their life is on the farm or in the forest!
Beautiful
Phew. If I had to watch this dog get old and die, I was going to get back in bed.
I wanted this to be longer..more plz.
still cute tho!!
Good puppo!
Turkish Kangal? A friend had one called Bear. He was adorable.
What an adorable chuckle head
Damn I never got to see my dog when she was a puppy, got her when she still acted like one but was already stretched out
This was good for my soul.
oh god... my boy looks the same... he is 6 month old right now
I needed that today thank you
I need to know the name of this song
What a good doggo
u/savethisvideo
This is one of the cutest things I’ve ever seen.
So cute !
Eeeek! I love this. I lost my LGD last month and I’m getting a new 75% kangal/25% GP pup this weekend...wish I could have gotten him before I lost my old girl for on site training, but he comes from good stock and will know what to do. 
I’m so excited, even more so now.
This dog is so loving and loved
How old is he now
Just living the good life
My dog is ... dead
They started doing this 10 years ago
They grow up too fast
Truly loving his (her) best life, that makes me happy
Now that's a dogs life!
This breed is one of the cutest breeds on earth in my opinion
aw so cute
I had one free award so i gave it here <3
Omg I’m gonna cry this is amazing
Amazing video, thank you for sharing. You've made my Friday bearable.
Such a beautiful dog. What breed ?
What breed of Dog is that?
This is what I needed for my day you made my day
Coolest video ever.
This is an awesome video.
What kind of puppers?
Me just realizing love songs make more sense being about doggos than people
I swear farm dogs live the best lives. Especially since you dont have to remember to take em for a walk lol
Kangals are Love
Awesom video, wish it was longer.
my dreams!!! <3
I mean, the videos beyond words. What a masterpiece. Thanks for sharing
Can I come live you and your dog’s lives with y’all?
he is a good boy
I liked the cows doting on him
This is why I don't wanna take dogs anymore, they could never be that happy in a flat.
This dog looks like he/she is living the absolute best life. I for one, am extremely jealous.
I was remembering the first moment of "UP"
Turned into a beautiful dog!
If a doggo could live it's best life any better than that I have no idea what it would look like.
He has the best life 😊
[removed]
That dog has a nice life
He went from doggie to dawg
I love this
I wanted this to keep going throughout the years until the song ended :( I'VE BEEN SCAMMED!!
u/savethisvideo
I just wish they could stay puppies for that little bit longer.
Great vid without the music. The music is a bit over the top
Guy has the best life.
Why it sounds like Mr. Towelie from South Park is singing this song? :D
such a good doggo.
What kind of pup is this?
aaw...They are so cute
What a good life. And what a beautiful pup, he's so fluffy
Possibly the happiest dog to live
I needed that this morning, thank you
How do I get reincarnated as this dog?
Thanks for this. A lovely way to start my day. Changed my whole mood this morning
They really do...
The songs sounds like doggo passed away.
Good boi
Who is cutting onions?
I want to take a vacation in your life
The cows  were literally his parents to
This dog is living its best life! I'm kinda jealous 😂
MY HEART IS MEALTING
That dog is my spirit animal
Reminded me of a cat I had for 24 years.

I miss her.
This dog has a better life than most humans.
What a good boy
Thank you for sharing this! You made my day ❤️❤️
OP has a good life! Lucky person amd dogs!
That's a good life right there.
Que tierno
This dog is enyjoing life to the fullest!
Not gonna lie, this is one of the most beautiful dogs I have ever seen.
I was 99% sure this was going to end with a dog dying. Damn 2020, why you got me so jaded
This qualifies as one of the cutest shits on the internet I have ever seen.
Wow, what a lucky dog and owner :)
What a great life. Lucky dog.
That dog has an amazing life
This was really great. Thank you 😊
Where is this? It’s beautiful
r/dogswithjobs
WHY IS SOMEONE CUTTING ONIONS IN MY OFFICE
I love big, working dogs. Best dog I ever had was a Pyrenees/Anatolian Shepard.
That is a good life for a dog...
What version of the song is this? I love it more than the original!
It is pretty crazy how fast some dogs get real big, real fast.
We had a Bernese mountain dog, and he went from a fluffy shoebox to a big, hairy truck in less than a year.
That video made my day happier!
He has been accepted into the herd
/r/cutepupper
Can you adopt me?
The goodest boi that ever was
what a beautiful and fluffy dog, what breed is that?
He is truly, so handsome.
He was making snow angels 😭
That dog is what I imagine Buck looking like from Call of the Wild.
That doggo is seriously living the life.
Not gonna lie that song was giving anxiety, though the dog was gonna die in the end
I was having the WORST morning until I saw this. Thank you, OP.
I was so scared he was gonna get old and pass away in the video
One of my favorite montages ever.
My dog's jealous...
Song?
Protect that dog with your life!
❤
What breed is that?
That is such a nice video, I really appreciated seeing it. Thanks!
I'm not crying you're crying
Love this!!
Such a beautiful soul. ❤
What is the dog race ?
These are the only vibes I need today
I think dog suits the farm life the most
what type of dog
I'd die for him.
Thought that cow was Gene Simmons.
Thanks for posting
Thank you for that
What a life
I know it's hard work but the human here is living the life...
Thanks for posting it, it made me happy. - from a stoner
Anatolian Shepherd!  I have been honored to share my home with many dogs over the years, but my AS is the best boy.
There’s something wrong with this video. 
It stopped.
Damn farm/ranch life likes pretty great
updoot for Edward Sharpe and the Magnetic Zeros.  Also one super cute pupper :)
What breed?
Love it
What a life that dog has.
ah to be a dog homegrown on a farm 😌
This is so beautiful.
I did not want that video to end
AAAAAAAH, MY HEART
What song is that?

EDIT: It's a cover of Home by Edith Whiskers. The original being Home by Edward Sharpe and the Magnetic Zeros.
This video made me miss my dog so much .... she passed away last year 😔😔😔
Thank you for that. I can officially start my day now
What a great compilation 😍 not long enough.
I hope this is the same farm they sent my dog to when I was 10.
And one day they die and break your heart...
The best life ever lived by any living being has to of been by a farm dog.
Handsome Anatolian! They’re such wonderful dogs
Must be fun as hell to be a dog on a farm.
What a beautiful life this dog has
I thoroughly enjoyed watching this and repeated it 3 times. Take my upvote
What kind of dog?
Super smart introducing them to chickens as a puppy so they think the chickens are friends, not food.
This is honestly the best video I’ve seen in the entirety of 2020.
You have no idea how much i cried now
What kind of dog is this?
In 21 seconds i thought the running dogs were ducks
I am fast. To give you a reference point I am somewhere between a snake and a mongoose… And a panther.
I found the original song played in this video but I can't find this version. Who is it?
We NEVER have enough time with them. Enjoy every moment.
They really do....give them as much love them as much as you can and make as many memories as you can along the way. 

Miss yah lil Simba boi...
Are they Kangal dogs?
To short!!
Can somoene please tell me what breed this dog is?
This made my morning sm better :)
/u/SaveThisVIdeo
This is reddit. 

I’m so happy it didn’t end with a mound of dirt and a grave stone.
I wish, it was much longer video, maybe couple hours!
My heart exploded. I'm a sucker for dogs with black faces I don't know why.
What breed is he
Ended way too soon. 😭
I felt sad and anxious, this made me feel better and tear up.Thanks
this life
I can't stress this enough

657465157564975264961578654874896416897654856635415626413545341531354/10
I got nervous half way through the video that this was going to be a full life cycle type movie
I thought this was gonna be a sad ending but I’m happy now
Wonderful dogs
I have a half Anatolian and he’s a big dirpy love 💜
If mowgli was a dog...
If that dog gets any older in the video I’m crying.
I was expecting to see “Budweiser” at the end of this
I'm in love
Crazy to think that this dog will never age any further and will simply live this marvelous life forever and ever. 

Absolutely wild. Nature is beautiful.
That dog knows how to live life!
Man I’m glad that stopped at 46 seconds and didn’t show the next couple years into the Rainbow Bridge. Saw the sub and sighed a breath of relief. Good boy.
Reminds me of the videos Andrew Camarata has on YouTube of his dogs. If you liked this one, check his out.
What type lf dog is this? My mom is thinking of getting us a dog.
What’s her/his name?
I'd rather watch 2 hours of this in theaters instead of Marley and Me
I’d feel bad raising a dog in the suburbs after seeing how happy that dog is living it up with his family on wide open land with his fellow animals.
Aw
Best. Life. Ever.
What kind of dog is that?
Caucasian Sheppard?
What kind of dog is this?
What’s the song name tho?
What kinda dog is that?
Hangs out with all these animals but is the only one who doesn’t get eaten
What kind of dog is that? It’s so cute
Save
That's one heck of a doggo.
That is one happy pupper!
Love everything about this, thank you for sharing
He learned pretty quick not to fuck with geese!
This is the most annoying song in the universe, right?
Thanks, I needed that.
This is my dream life. Country style. Jelly
Loved that
This is beautiful.
I love this video so much
This made my cry. I miss my Fred dog, thank you for this.
Thank god it didn’t go all the way to when he gets sick and passes away, that would be too much this early in the morning
I miss my old dog Tom, just miss her so much and my 2 cats
Does this spark joy? Why yes Marie, it does. Lots and lots of it.
Insert cheesy music
What kind of doggo issat
This is why I can't get a dog in town.  Town life for a dog is shit compared to on a farm.
What kind of dog is he?
Did he catch his tail?
Being this doggo is so tight with his farm friends, does he still eat there poo?
He must have tasted a few of his friends growing up.
/u/vredditshare
Awesome
/u/savethisvideo
to fast
Why video stop?
Now this i can get behind
What a lovely free life this pupper has!
Holy crap this was so cute, it made my day. :)
❤️❤️❤️❤️😭OMG
I love all the cows looking at the puppy like, sure we'll raise you too, I suppose
What a sweet video!
If there is reincarnation, I want to come back as a well-loved farm dog.
These puppers are happy puppers.
I didn't want this video to stop
I get it, I get it, my dogs quality of life is in the dirt compared to this paradise. 

:(
such a handsome good boy
Did anyone else see Gene Simmons on that cow in the first second?
I want to live this dog's life
What a good boi
Does he have a cow for a best friend? 🥺
I want to frolic with cute cows like that pupper.
😭😭😭
u/savethisvideo
Ohhhh, this makes my heart so happy.
Good boy has good life and that makes me happy.
What kind of dog is that?
He is the goodest boy
This reminds me of my lil boy. There is nothing like the love and joy you get from your own doggo. And watching them grow is like your love gets deeper every day because you actually know them and their personality and you feel them love you back ❤
Me the whole video: “Please don’t tell me he dies at the end, I can’t deal.”
I really like kangals they r one of my favorite dog breeds but I dont wanna get one bc I dont want that he is unhappy. They r dogs to be used on farms or you need to go veeeery often out with them. I'm pretty lazy soooo yeah
So this is how "sent to the farm" looks like!
Not goona lie when the 3 dogs came rushing out of the pond I thought our friend was in trouble.
They aren’t letting me post on politics today. Why is that? No my son is not Larry’s bastard son.
Cute
Wait, I am not done watching...Thank you for sharing!
That doggo ready to do some proteking and serving of his farm family!
What a beautiful video story!
Whoever owns this dog lives a great life.
Kolby dog meat
I was gonna say, if that magnificent doggo ends up dead by the end of this vid I am going home early from work.
This made me really really really miss my pupper I lost a year ago
How the F did you record my dream
Lol who ever bred kangals to be so darn cute was a huge troll
I needed this right now
That was more compelling than the election
He look happy, that makes me happy
Best 46 seconds well spent. Cutest doggo.
Sometimes I think just working on a farm would be a dream.
This made my day ⭐️❤️
Who sings this cover
I want to be this dog
I’ve always wanted to be reincarnated as a Golden retriever owned by an upper class family living along the coast in Maine....now I’m rethinking that.
I bet he gives and receives the best hugs
I wish reddit had less political bullshit and more of this
Is that a Boz/Kangal?????
I'd watch a full feature length film of this dog just going about his day! 😍
I love how curious the cows are!
How i can download this video?
Looks just like my Bruno, I miss that old man.
Big ole puppy 🥺😍
😭💕
Videos that end too soon
This made me sad and happy.
Isn’t that breed of dog bred for protecting livestock from leopards?
U/savethisvideo
Anatolian shepherds are all about the farm. I love my kangal
What breed is it?
Kazak!
I’m not crying you’re crying
That’s how you socialize & raise a dog to get along with all the other critters .
Do the cows get come level of comfort when a dog raised with them is around as an adult? Like, any kind of animal bond formed?
What is the breed?
I'm so glad that that didn't end with the dog dying - I woulda cried!

Blessed doggo!
Terrible cover of that song but good video
Deserves got nothing to do with it.  Clint Eastwood
This video makes me feel like the dog died the way it suddenly cut off :(
Best example of a life well lived
why cant dogs be immortal
Omg! Farm puppy!! Mine is so prissy, he only walks on concrete. Grass is appalling to him.
He's magnificent!  Love how much he is loved!
my girlfriend refused to watch this video because “oh god no they’re going to show him getting old and dying”
This dog's life seems more enjoyable than mine
YASSSSS DOGGG!
That’s a happy animal
I didn't want this to end. Really beautiful, thanks for sharing.
/u/vredditshare
This melted my heart and broke it at the same time! It’s so bittersweet watching little ones grow.
Now do the same kind of a video with the cows, oh wait, you can't, they didn't get to live their lives to the fullest, instead they were slaughtered at a young age just because people can't be bothered to stop eating meat.
That guy has the best life.
I’m about to cry tears now. This video and the song remind me of my 3 babies.. unfortunately they passed way too early. Thanks for bringing back the memories
I'M NOT CRYING, *YOU'RE* CRYING
So what breed of dog is this ya think?  Sheppard something X?
God I love this! I should have been born your dog 😂
Very cool video my friend. I’m having an awesome Friday morning but this video definitely made it special.
What kind of dog is this??
I needed this more than the election
I'm not crying, you're crying 😭😍❤
Abstract love this and if there's more plz share.  Really needed this today. Its.gonna be a good day now.
What dog breed is that?
Such a good boi
What kinda dog is it 🥺
When does the Netflix special come out?
and then when they leave it hurts so much... :(
Time is a sad thing.
All animals deserve this level of happiness and security
He has one of the most purest and sweetest soul.
Damn it, surprise feels
This made me so happy.
I cant find the version of the song thats in this video, been searching
dam u got me in my feels buetiful pupper :)
For some reason I thought it would keep going until the beautiful pupper was old and then passed away.. Then got feels of homeward bound.. Lol
That dog is living the dream!
What a good boy! I just wanna squeeze him
He looks so happy. Which makes me happy. When I was a kid, we had a dog that couldn't handle life in our city anymore. My mom thought it'd be best for him to go live on a farm where he had space. She said he'd be happy there and now I just **know** that was true!
/u/vredditshare
Pardon my ignorance but , what dog breed is it ?
Put down my 15 year old dog this week, this made me sob.
Sweet pups frolicking around a farmed animal sanctuary with sweet cows and chickies! Ahhh-dorable!
/u/vredditshare
This gave me so much joy today, thank you a thousand times for sharing.
Why do dogs last as puppies like 2 days?
This video makes me feel so happy! I love it!
Wow!! that is really heart-warming. Wish I had a farm and pets like you
What a beautiful montage, looks very Disney like
You’re crying!
How old is your little guy now
Is there a chance of disease mutating / spreading between lil bb birb & doge or anything?
Give me this dog
Give me this dog
💚💚💚💚 that was nice. We don't deserve them.
u/savethisvideo
Does anyone know the name to this song?
What breed?
This guy looks so much like our rescue here in the states. We always thought he was part Anatolian but from the comments I see this dog is a kangal, and now I don’t know what to think!
This is a beautiful site.
So interesting to see how one trains a farm dog to get used to all the animals instead of trying to eat the small ones.
I remember when he was just a little guy, feels like it was 5 seconds ago...
So are the cow and it still friends?  Or did the cow... go to the "other" farm?
Strangle hold on that chick lol geez
I think I may watch on repeat all day.
Love it, but what creepy music.
What's this song?
Dang! 😍 
That farm is nirvana for dogs! Dogvana®️ 
🐕 6 out of 6 *WOOFS!* 👍
What kinda dog is this
Feels like I just watched a movie
Anyone know who’s singing that cover of Edward sharp?
Upvote just for using Tom Rosenthal! Cute dog too
He’s living the doggy dream for sure
Cute doggo creepy song
This is so wholesome 🥺
yeah...this video could've been much longer. Feels like a short film, 4 paws way, way up!
The guddest boi
what kind of dog is that?
Thanks, I'm crying on the toilet now for some reason. So sweet!
Needed that! Ty
OMg this dog has the BEST dog life.
Cute.🥰
u/vredditshare
What music was that?
This is the cutest thing I’ve ever seen in my life
A life well lived and well loved :) good boy
Just lost my Dog, I immediately started to tear Up.

That’s one beautiful farm.
Herbert?
This video sparks joy
where's that
Dude, where do you live? Heaven?
Oh my god. I love him so so sosososossossoooo much
I needed this today. Thank you!
Sivas Kangal turkish dog awsome!!
Home is wherever I’m with you 🎶
He’s a good boi
Didn’t look at what sub this was and was scared half way that it would die
I am fast. To give you a reference point I am somewhere between a snake and a mongoose… And a panther.
Great, now I want to drop everything and live on a farm.
That is a heckin good boy
The worst part is the end, and it always comes.
You know how many people would cry if this video went a little longer? Damn dude. That was cute.
This shit made me cry. ❤️
Can we ban crappy music on  /r/aww?
That little floofer is one of the most powerful dogs on the planet. Can't wait to adopt one some day
Good boi!
What version of Home is this?
From wiki:

“A working Kangal Shepherd Dog on duty will station itself on a high vantage point overlooking its flock. On hot days, the dog will dig itself a hollow in the ground to keep cool. Novices learn by staying close to older dogs. The dogs will work in pairs or teams depending on the size of the flock, taking up positions around the sheep and changing their positions as needed. The intensity of their patrols around the sheep increases at nightfall.”

Goddamn that is cool! Dogs are awesome. I’m constantly amazed of their intelligence.
Loved this, thank you for sharing!
Awww
Farm dogs are the best dogs in the world
My parents just got two of these and they are still puppies but they are SO big and they are such love bugs.
So relieved this didn't have a sad ending. I am first dog owner, and I tear up at the posts that have bad news. I love my dog so damn much I'm getting misty eyed just typing this.
Omg that looks like my childhood dog. They could have been sibs. My heart is melty. Such a good doggy.
I have one of those right now. Sweetest dog ever. Love my Lola
Why did this make me happy and sad at the same time.
What an amazing life!!!
Adorable derp
Loved this!!
Thank you.
COWS
This dog as a better life than me
Phew! I thought this was going to end with the dog growing old and dying.
Anyone know the breed? Haven’t really seen a definitive answer yet
The best boy
What breed of dog is this?
In the time the dog grew up, the cows were killed and replaced 3 times over.
that dog is like what is that
I was worried this video would end sadly once I turned the volume on. 

They're adorable! What breed is this?
Well, thats a good Life!
made me cry a little
Does anyone know the version of this song?
I need a dog
Song pls? c:
Dont blink
With that song I was expecting this story to end at the vet...
So if a dog grows up near animals that could be his prey, it will not see them as prey anymore?
They sure do. Cherish it. Even when he does something irritating. I’d give my both nuts to have my buddy back peeing in the house.
/u/savethisvideo
NGIL, if this wasn't in AWW, with that title and content I'd be half fearing the clip would end in a "In memorial" caption, and then I'd cry, and then I'd hate you.
That’s a good dog right there.
Anybody know the song name?
Dog is having his best life.
Lucky dawg!😍
If anyone knows the version of 'home' that's playing in this video and could link me to it or something, I would really appreciate it!
Whats the name of this song? I want to think of this dog when I listen to it
Why does this dog actually made the world a better place than most people combined
Cherish every moment. They’re not here for long.
That doggo is having the time of his life
Is that a leonberger?
This Kangal cutie.
That’s a cozy looking dog
My life sucks compared to this.
I absolutely love this
That video was too short.
This is a beautiful collection
Lovely! What kind of breed is it? Looks a bit like a Kangal.
oh man I dropped to tears great video
Gotta say it’s fulfilling to see dogs living to their fullest potential!
Thanks for posting this. My doggie turns 5 years this month (a Frenchie) and I try to make videos frequently or just take pics randomly when he is being silly or eating some fruit (yeah, he loves a lot of different fruits). He even has his own folder in my iPhone and watching this makes me feel like the past 5 years flew by faster than 5 weeks.
Too fast. Dammit why can't they live as long as us.
:’)
Doggies when they dream*
Keep going!
Gonna be real with you, the piano had me thinking this was gonna end like six feet under ended.
Black mouth cur’s are the best dogs
I didn't want it to end!!!
I totally thought that it was gonna show the dog's whole life all the way to it's passing
At every point in the video I was like “I swear if the dog dies at the end”
Oh where have the years gone?
Can someone link me to this exact version of this song please
I miss my dog...
Good on you and your friend, cherish them
I love that he has puppy energy as an adult. He’s living a good life
awe what an amazing doge
I thought for sure it was going to end with the dogs grave or something and that would have ended my redditing for today.
What a life to live! That dog looks so happy! It almost looks like a movie how happy he is!
That dog has a great life and a lot of friends. Well done.
This needs to be longer.
Ugh that music is awful
That pupper has a happy life
What kind of dog is this?
Funny animals 🐕
This video reminds me why ‘Rural’ is so great for dogs. What a lovely video
Thank you for that.  Made my day!
What breed of dog is this?!
Song?
Wherever this person lives, its beautiful!
Song ?
This cover is fucking weird but i dig it.
What is this song called
The dog is cute and all but how the hell do I get it’s owner’s job??? That looks like a great time.
Farms dogs living the best life.
Lol
Absolutely! I thought my dog had a good life, but I am slacking. Lol
OH MY FUCKING HEART CAN'T TAKE THIS TOO WHOLESOME
I feel like I just went through an emotional journey with a dog I have never known... This is beautiful
This sounds like a song sung by lemiwinks from South Park.
What breed of dog is this?
Whole lotta love for that Doge to enjoy. Bit jelly.
Leonburger??
😍
Everything a dog needs to be happy!
What dog breed is that?
Good clips but that song was absolute traaaaash
This is where I’ll choose to think my dog went when my parents said he went to go live on a farm.
My dog passed away last night and we just buried him about 2 hours ago. Been feeling like shit all day but this just put a smile on my face. Thanks stranger.
What's the cover of this song pls??
What kind of dog is this?
Mastiff?
What song/ version of the song is this?
Imagine if the last cut was a grave and the tombstone said R.I.P (insert the dogs name)
What an incredible life he has
This post made me so happy. I want to visit you!
It’s enough to make a grown man cry
Who is singing this song? My word!
You and your friends are awesome
This is the quality content we all need
[deleted]
I love kangals! ❤️
Chonky donky
Well that’s the cutest thing ever
I loved this
Where did u find This Türkish boy 
, i mean How??! It is illegal to Buy and sell
Love dogs, they are so sweet
Just as long it’s not recorded from Tik-tok...err...heresy... it’s cute
This made my heart melt. What an amazing life it looks like that pup is living.
I could use more on this video, please.
Meanwhile the baby cow went to the slaughterhouse
What breed is that?
Fuck I want to live on a farm
Song?
Whats the song?
stop stop im crying.
His best friends are all grass doggos <3
WHAT A GOOD BOY

I have a farm so this was especially rewarding to watch.
Song name? Cute video
[deleted]
I want to have the full song and the full video
do you need a little help at your farm? i can do what evere needs to be done. don't need any money. just a hayloft and some snacks from time to time. \^\^  
daaamn. i wish i could work on such a farm like yours one day for a few months. reminds me at my childhood in south tyrol.
You got a good boi right there
Why did this make me start crying lmao
My heart!
u/savethisvideo
Beautiful, Simply beautiful
So cute!
Great job socialising him! Beautiful working dog
Dose he/she have one favorite animal
The made me feel feelings. Thanks Reddit
That’s a happy pupper!!!
That dog looks like its living the best possible life it can be
Best short film I’ve seen this year.
It’s not fair, dogs should live as long as humans would ;-;
Dogs really are the best.
That is a bloody good dog
Thank you for improving my day with your video of this heckin good boy!
Beautiful pup! What kind of dog is he/she??
I absolutely need to know this big boys name
Dog has had the best life possible. Thank you OP.
Dogs are so awesome
I fucking love dogs. So much.
Side note, that cover is horrendous.
Please please please, if you’re gonna have your dog leashed in the bed of a vehicle use a harness and not a collar. If you crash you’re gonna snap that doggos neck. They literally make harnesses specifically to protect them from a car accident.
Song - Home, by [Herbert the Pervert](https://fiverr-res.cloudinary.com/images/t_main1,q_auto,f_auto,q_auto,f_auto/gigs/1738419/original/image/call-3-people-as-herbert-the-pervert.jpg)
Whats the song name - the cover not the original
What song is this?
God damn, you can’t even see a video of a dog having fun without people arguing somewhere in the comments
That dog has better life than me 🤣
Im not a dog but i also want to live in a farm
Was hoping to see the slaughter footage but damn. Farmers should eat their dogs when they pass away.
I live in the city now but this makes me miss farm life. What a good pup!
That’s a happy K-9 unit.
He looks like a Buck! Feel like I'm watching the opening of Call of the Wild!
That's such a wholesome video and the music was perfect for it.  I've never had a friend like that.
I have sounds off and I can just hear the kevin macleod music over this
Such a criminal
Song?
Is there a full length video?
What's the song name?
nice, some Tom Rosenthal music, could tell from the first sounds he made
Whats this song?
Found the song cover. Its by Edith Whiskers.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sPV_t8YMW_k
