To have a companion for that long is something truly special. That's a kind of love that never dies :)
I decided to read the title as if the "my old girl" is directed to the human girl, from the cat. Yes cat, I'm glad you showed us your friend.
I don’t know how this managed to get any awards but thank you so much! It warms my heart that people love my old girl as much as I did, so thank you!
[I made a drawing of you two :)](https://i.imgur.com/fSy3DU3.jpeg)

Edit: These are a lot of fun to draw and I'm taking commissions guys :) especially to serve as christmas gifts, PM if you're up for one
omg🥺🥺🥺🥺
/r/seniorkitties would probably like to see this.

Adorable.
Me and my girl were together from 1999 to January of this year. I still cannot believe she’s not here anymore. She will always be my best friend. Having them for so long is such a gift.
Dawww so sweet
Oh my goodness what a cute angel cat
Outstanding way to start the day.  Thank you for this.  When I get home I’m going to kiss my cat!
When I get home I'm gonna kiss the shit out of my cat and the little fucker is probably going to bite me but that's ok
Wow, 20 years😭
[deleted]
So cute !
Call me crazy but I see this heading to front page for reasons
I had a black cat like Enzo, only stayed with me 4 years and 2 of those were with a severe kidney affection. She were asking for food in a service area.

And I also lost my mom when she were in her early 20s. And went throught a breakup but my cat stayed there.

Miss my sweet cat. Now I am in rough times, being a caregiver. But your post was strangely emotional for me. In a good way. Thank you.
She kept you then, you keep her now ❤️
🥺
Awwwwww. Great photos! I had a cat I found in the parking lot of a restaurant where I was having my 32nd birthday dinner, and he lived until I was 53! I have so many great memories of him, and I'm sure you have great memories of your sweet girl too.♥️
Damn.. seeing this made me realize how much I miss my old boy. RIP Mojo July 4, 1999 - September 26, 2019. I miss you, buddy. 

OP, sorry for your loss - you guys shared wonderful memories together and will cherish them forever!
Wow more than 20 years? She's a very old gal hope you have a little more time with her as she's absolutely gorgeous
I adopted a cat from the local shelter who was like 15 and kept him until he passed at 19. Best cat ever! I love old kitties. They sleep a lot but can be very cuddly! So glad you had the privilege of your fur baby for so long. 😊
I love that innocent smile of yours in the 1st picture. Warms my heart
It always feels good to realize how long you’ve had an awesome cat. I lost my 14 year old cat to oral cancer in mid October. I was 14 years old when we got him, so I had him for almost half my life.
So much love in your heart with you and your beautiful kitty. Looking at your past post, I can see that love came from your mom and the relationship you both shared. Thank you for sharing!
This choked me up a bit. I got my boy the day I graduated college. Being the first to do so in my family and living alone, Freddie really pulled me out of depression for a while. He’s traveled with me all over the US by now, love the little man. Thank you for sharing your photo. :)
20years , it’s very wonderful a cat lives for 20 years
Oh come on. Your human doesn’t look like she qualifies as old yet.
Are you the cat or the person?

Lovely pics.
These are crazy times we live in where cats are now posting on Reddit.
Man, you haven’t changed much! The blond one aged quite a bit though
This is the most wholesome comment section I’ve seen
I’m reading this from the cats perspective. Thanks for the smile today!
Same camera.
I’m going to cry. She looks like she loved you very much. My old girl is on her last years and I feel so guilty sometimes leaving her with my parents for grad school.
Farm that karma
This is making me sad for when my cats are old. You guys looks so precious together
Oh my heart, what a sweetie. 

This kitty lived through 9/11 and is probably older than some people reading this thread.
That's sweet I have my old girl too, she's 16. So nice to see.
God bless both !!
Wonder if she is older than you.
This is the cutest. Made me tear up a little bit. Makes me want to adopt a kitty too.

P.s: You look so much like your mum. She was absolutely beautiful :)
That needs an Owen Wilson, “wow.”
My heart is full with memories of my kitty.  17 years went by in the blink of an eye.  Give a pet for me.  Enjoy!
I don't know if you've ever watched the show What We Do in the Shadows, but you look like one of the characters, Nadja! Sending love to you and Enzo, and of course Fifi on the other side of the Bridge❤
On a scale from 1 to 10, that's one adorable-looking fuzzball.
I wonder if our animals are jealous of how much taller we get over time?
Love this!  My kitty grew up with my Rotties and Bull Mastiff, she did what they did...acted like a dog.  Came when her name was called, loved to nibble on their dog treats and sleep in their beds.  She lived to be 17 and I miss her terribly.
Cute picture. I also agree that Dark is ont of the best tv shows ever
Whenever i see people with their pets on reddit i get jealous. Never was allowed to have pets but doggy sat for my grandma a few times. When i finally rescued a stray, we got so attached to each other so quickly and she was such an amazing cat. But i spent most of my time on trying to find her help for her health problems, fast forward to having to put her down 3 years later, this july, because her lung issues had become bad and i knew that she was suffering. So i decided to let her go because i would rather choose to suffer everyday without her by my side, than allow her to suffer another day with her issues.

&#x200B;

I would say it does suck to see people with cats over 5 or 10 or 15 years when i only got 3 with mine and no chance of ever getting another pet again.
Awwwww. Such a nice kitty.. 

We just lost our 22 year old siamese. We have 2 new family members coming home today. So glad no more being locked up for them.
plot twist: the cat posted this
Aiiii..... both lovely!
Thank you cat for sharing your girl with us.
plot twist: the cat did the post
I had my poodle from ages 3 till 19 :(

Cherish it.
damn 20 years i hope my cat or dog is with me that long :)
Cats live for a long time
Probably won’t get seen but wanted to add! 

[Fifi being cute ](https://imgur.com/gallery/RmgxoUg)
Wow it looks like you havent even ages a day but the human on the other ends seems much older.
You have both aged beautifully!!
I dunno why but as soon as I saw the bottom picture I knew you lived in the UK. Why are our houses so distinctive?
Looks like a lot of love in one picture
How long do cats live?
This post and the comments are really squishing my heart. What a nice break from the craziness this week. Also, super off topic, but your brows are fabulous :).
Love this.  Why is everyone on Reddit so dang negative?  Hope you have many more years!  My good old boi and I had 28!  He was a rescue and the best friend of my life!
I had a kitten when I was 8 years old and she lived until I was married, 25 and had a baby daughter. God I miss her so much.
Amazing!!! My baby girl passed at the end of last year. I got her in 2000 when I was 10 years old and I am 31 now. <3 I look at our picture together when I first adopted her and we were best friends.
I'm so envious. I fucking love my pets. I have always loved my pets. I remember each one. I'm only 30, so I guess I'm not too old yet, but I feel like I have had quite a few pets over the years. My parents like animals too, so they were open to cats, dogs, bunnies, hamsters, an iguana, frogs, fish... Haha. But I have so many fond memories of each of them. You have had 20 years with that kitty! I would love to have that time with all of my pets. So sweet!!!! She must have had quite the life!!
I had a cat, Precious, who was a year older than me and waited until a week after my daughter was born to pass. I really think they love and celebrate us as much as we do them and I believe he held on to meet my mini me. It’s so nice to see it’s not an isolated relationship and that many people have a Precious
I did acid two weeks ago while staying at my parents house while they were away looking at their new house they’re buying. 

I went out into the patio tripping off my ass and my old cat Zelda is in there, she’s like 15 so I’ve had her since I was like 13 or something. I was helping her eat and I had like this existential crisis looking at her, thinking about how I grew up in this house, how I found her as a kitten, how she’s old as balls now, how I’m going to buy this house from my parents and possibly raise my own children in the same house and swim in the same pool I did growing up, all while Zelda trying to gum down a piece of chicken. 

Then I went inside and got lost in the inside of my house and felt like matthew mcconaughey in that Interstellar scene where he was in the tesseract or whatever 

it was wild honestly
For me it was 1983(born in '82 got her in '83)-1996. R.I.P Noodles.
Reminds me of my kitty. We got her in January in 1995 and she was with us for 20 years. I still miss that prissy brat. She was quite vocal and would talk to you. Even different meows for different wants and needs. One you figured those out, you could understand her.
I thought that was your hand in the bottom picture.
You both look great !
My girl patches made it too 21 literally grew up with her, was probably my only true friend. You better love her every second of the day !!
Very nice of you to post a picture of your human.
Omg 😭 I just adopted a cat and hope I can live long enough to experience this with her
It’s enough to make a grown man cry......and that’s okay.
That’s a fucking old cat
Nice pictures.  You seem like a nice young lady, it 's obvious you love your catbeast.
BEST FRIENDS EVER
talking about the lifetime of cats she's is Queen Elizabeth of the felines (sorry if i spelled this wrong i don't know English very well)
Your photo brought a flood of feelings back for my two cats that lived 17 and 19.  They were always with me no matter what I was doing in life.  I really appreciate that and hope I gave them the best life. 

Thanks for reminding me and giving me a moment to pause and think about them.
Oh don't be mean, she's not THAT old for a human.
Bruh, das one old cat
So are you the cat or the girl?
Both have aged gracefully... 😃
You and your cat are both gorgeous. I love this so much 😍
20 years? How?
That’s lovely.
so cute!!!
This is so precious <3
I read it as 1988 ... and I was like ... whaaat? I love old animals. I have a soft spot in my <3 for them.
Omggg I wish I could have grown up with my cat, she didn’t make it 🥺
aww made me smile :)
This is awesome! It’s awesome how Cara can be with you dot your whole childhood
Good kitty
i love elderly lady cats. treasure every moment!
Yass! I got my cat Molly as a kitten in 2002 when I was in grade 2, she’s grumpy and senile now but still gets around just fine
She's not that old, come on. She doesn't look a day over 35.
so heartwarming ❤
My heart just melted 😭
20 long years, I know this isn't my place as a stranger but since it says 2018, did he pass
Made my day! Thanks!
What a great couple of pics.
this is precious. 💜 so wholesome
Aww
Aged like fine wine...
Aww, super cute.
aw, so pretty. your cat is still alive?
This hits in the feels so hard! I have 3 cats and they'll all get a special hug today.
💜
This is wholesome 😻
Wait, are you a painter from Argentina? If not there is a painter from Argentina on instagram that I swear is your doppelganger
Bless you two, take good care of her, she loves you more than you can possibly imagine ♥️ both pics are so precious 🥺
Didn’t know that cats can live that long...
cute af
It must be amazing to get so much time with a fur baby. I’m happy she was able to provide so much love.
/r/PastAndPresentPics would enjoy this
Your telling me that cat is 20 years old?
What a beautiful tribute. So sweet
I'm too afraid to ask if she's still around. But in case she isn't, she's still purring for you in heaven.
I can’t believe a cat posted this
Omg are you the little girl from the movie “Problem Child 2?”
Congrats on your cat living 2 decades!
you both got so beautiful (:
What lovely photos I hope you get to frame them
Both beautiful! I am sorry you lost your kitten!
Sup?
In the second photo, the cat is kind of like "It was a struggle, but I got her through the teenage years."
You’re both so lovely!!
Too sweet ❤️. Actually made my cry. I want my pets to stay young forever.
Awesome! So jealous of you, my beautiful Izzy passed away last year at 11, miss her every day.
Cute bunch of girls there :)
Couple of cutie pies
Wonderful pics❤️
I like the fact in the first picture you both have a sense of wonder and light-heartedness that children often do in your expressions!
Top picture- this is my human. She’s a good human.
This made me tear up. This is precious - truly beautiful.
Amazing... :)
Your old girl is 20+ years old? That's the oldest cat (apart from Salem) I've ever heard of.
Well done cat.  Looks like you have trained your human well.
She looks a bit like my cat. OMG
This is beautiful ❤️❤️
My girl Molly is that old! OG feline gangstresses hell yeah!
So sweet!! Aww...perfect post for this! 😌
FB group: Please tell this cat I love them

... would LOVE THIS! So cute!
Congrats!
I am glad you knew her. What a lovely relationship.
She single?
😭😭😭♥️♥️♥️♥️
What a beautiful life
I know this is probably a generic question, but what kind of diet are you giving her? Nutrition is so important and while i always follow the vets directions of kibble with some wet food here and there, my neighbour has two 22 year old cats and they literally feed them things like fried eggs sometimes. That blows my mind (and i assume its a rare case). I just want to give my little girl a long life while also letting her enjoy her sustenance :)
That is so cool!!!
Precious 😻🌹
Awwww this is like my bebes. So much love.
She looks like Dexter’s girlfriend.
How old is that cat in human years
She’d a trooper!!
Crazy Eyes Killah
My kitty is about to pass. 😥 Cherish your time with all of your pets!
Wow
This is adorable. I hope you two have had a wonderful time together.
My cat is 20 1/2. I know the feeling!
Dang, I has a cat named silver years ago who looked just like your cat, sadly he died of gallstones maybe 8 months old or so. He was as friendly as a dog, and would follow me around like a dog, and would sleep next to me at night without me even yelling at him to hop on.
That cat aged really well
Your human grew up a lot!
You two have matching facial expressions then and now!
That kitty is stunning.
I also had a friend for 19 years. I will never forget how I met her and where. She played with me on the grass outside my grandma's building and like that, she was my best friend. She was there for my first kiss, actually, she played a part on "the move". She used to come and sleep with me every night. She's gone now and so is my grandmother and I miss them both. 

Enjoy your girl, it's a love that will last forever.
Wew, you're pretty but she is gorgeous!

I miss my first cat, had him for (only) 12 years. 
Now on a cat break, because little kids, but when they get a bit older, we're getting one. Can't wait!
Tjis is so sand and nice at the same time, but mistly nice :)
😱
You're both beautiful.
20years , it’s very wonderful a cat lives for 20 years
Crazy! Love it
What's her name? I found my cat when I was one and she was with us for 20 years. My best friend growing up and favorite sibling. Had to put her down a couple years ago. Rip KitKat
Such a cute photo!!
Good human :D
I love this. Older cats are the best, so affectionate!
Wow that is incredible!
That’s a old cat
So beautiful! Makes me miss my Katie cat so much. 💔
I don’t know why, but that made me all misty. 😢
Shit, this is hitting me, we are putting our orange tabby 'Spud' down today, he is 15. I can't look at aging cat pictures today I guess...too much.
She's such a sweetheart 🥰. Precious
What about in 2020? Is she alright, is she safe?
Pratityasamutpada stay happy :)
Sending the biggest "hey there" to you and your lil stinker
Daaww
Old tired cats are the best cats CMM oh wait you can't because I'm just right.

Your lady is precious and I'm glad you have her. <3
I know what are you feeling and that's why i never had a pet  
But people say cats have 9 lives if it makes u feel better!! ;3
I vote for the one on the left. Both beautiful though...
Are you South African?
This is so heartwarming. Reminds me of my Biscuit. I adopted her in 1997 when I was 10, and I had her until 2017. She was nearly 21 when she crossed the rainbow bridge. ❤️
awwwww
Thats super cute!
Really shouldn't be calling the lady in the pic your old girl. It's rude.

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

/s
That’s beautiful ❤️
Wow! U/bellerose93 what did you do to help your furbaby’s longevity? That’s a great run!
Is cat safe is cat alright
so cute 😻😻
Grandma cats are the best
What happened after 2018
r/thismademesmile
Bless her 💙
So precious! To have a pet for your entire development age is so special and unforgettable. I had my kitteh from 11 to 27. 

I have so many fond memories of my cat being my best friend.
Wow! You learn something new everyday. I did not know Cats had reddit accounts!
Your parents probably secretary replaced her about 10 years ago.
Nothing like a beautiful friendship! That's so amazing and lovely. I wish you two all the best!! What's your little girls name?
Ooh, what a strong cat. I thought it was amazing my childhood friend lived to be 18! I wish you 20 more years in good health :)
That’s an old cat!
No love like a cat's love
Amazing!
It's enough to make a grown man cry
Day made.
What happened you look so sick, psps by the way.
Best Fren
Loving this💕😻🥰 unconditional love of animals 💕
She didn't want to leave
You take great pictures of your human!
It's always nice to see a kitty so content and well-loved at that very respectable age of 20 :)
She's a pretty cat. I like that the gray in the middle of her head seems to have spread a little too. 

I also find it fascinating to see pictures of people in their youth vs. them grown, how some features stay the same and others change quite a bit. 

Thanks for sharing!
She has grown into a beautiful young woman, OP
Beautiful, rip to her
Hmmm so your cats about 22 or 23 then?
This is adorable
Reddit has a habit of bringing back old memories - what a lovely cat, i miss my childhood cat, also black and white coated brought back many happy memories.
WOW! I didn't know cats live for this long
Sweet baby kitties are so much
I had my childhood cat from around 1997-8 to 2014. She was my very very best friend growing up. So sorry for your loss.
Made my heart smile
You so pretty!
What a handsome young lady
I had a male cat with that same fur pattern.  He was only about 3.5 years old when he was poisoned with antifreeze by a neighbor.  I was a high school junior in 1998.  I still tear up every once in a while.  We unfortunately lived in a very isolated area away from any animal hospitals
How could a cat lived 20 years?
She looks exhausted of life lil cutie :(
Aww she's so pretty! The kitty is cute too.
I love this SO much
Damn If she was an old girl in 98 she might just have been the oldest girl in 2018

...unless this written from the perspective of the cat.

And RIP if she's no longer in th land of the living
☺️
Question, who took the picture? The cat or the lady?
Much love to the two of you.
She's a good old girl!
kinda sad somehow T_T
Once a cat lover always a cat lover 😻
The love of a pet is like no other. So amazing that you were able to enjoy it for so long. Thank you for sharing.
That looks like a well-loved kitty!
e fofo 💜💜💗💗
That's a heartwarming couple of pictures.  Thanks to both of you.
Wholesome comment section
Wait which one is posting
cats on it’s 20th live!! bless her 🙏🏻
Im in love with this picture...
This cat sure has a happy fulfilling life to want to live to be 20!  She sure is loved
Aww cute kitty! Pets are irreplaceable part of our lives
Beautiful 🖤
What a gorgeous pair
Honestly had no idea cats live that long lol awesome
Young kitty cat:
"She has no idea!"

Adult kitty cat:
"So tired, tried so hard but these kids don't listen"
Still looking pretty in both pictures!

Seriously, you look gorgeous any tips?
how old was she?
i’m supposed to be in a video meeting right now! i have tears ! your pic and all the kitty love it is generating on here are so precious. thanks for sharing
Just two kittens out on the town
you are so pretty
Why is someone cutting onions at my work!!?
Your human has grown a lot during those years
Cutie pie
She had a great life with you no doubt!!
She's an oldie but a goldie💜🤗
Awww man, my parents got me a kitten when I was 7. 17 years later I moved across the country, leaving her with my folks, and she died a few days after. Such a special relationship, people like us are lucky.
So wholesome
Take my award
❤️
LuckyLuckyLucky
Pretty kitty. I’m sorry you lost her, but happy that you had each other all that time. What lovely pictures! Thank you for sharing both of them.                                My girl made it to 18, and died peacefully on Feb 18, 2019, next to me right when she and I woke up. I miss her every day.😻
😻
Dolores Abernathy?
Wow. That was a long life she lived! RIP.
Makes me so happy. Cant wait to get home and snuggle my old kitty.
I got two, both coming up on 17 😺😺
Beautiful!
This is absolutely adorable
Mine made it from 1998 to 2017. The day she passed was the first time my SO at the time saw me cry..
You can tell how happy she is
What's the average life span of a house cat and what is the oldest one has been recorded?
Saved. I like how cool this is.
Very good age for her.
This is so heart warming. Beautiful
That’s awesome! 

I had a cat that lived to be 21! I actually got to watch him be born too. The cats mom was a friend of mines cat. Such an awesome cat! His name was Booger, but towards the end of his life we called him Hellen because he was deaf and blind. RIP Boog Boog.
Must be weird being a cat and see your human friends change so completely over your lifetime 🤔
Your cat got hot.
Awwww she looks so cute

Oh the cat is also awesome I guess
Why is it only 2018
This is so cute! Omggg 😭
I think you're the first cat I've met on reddit!
This....this warms my heart.
Few comments in and already my face has flooded
Your so lucky to have shared so many years with her!!!
You’re telling me a cat posted this??
This is awesome!!
Humans grow real quick, right?
Over the course of 20 years you spent your lives together. Even though you’ve both changed over the years, you both seem very happy. This is such a nice picture. Anyways I hope you have a nice day.
Dang, cats go on forever.
And you my dear are very good looking
......cats live this long?

I put way too much of my knowledge in the dog basket. 🤦‍♀️
it’s weird to think that there are cats out there older than i am
+1 for having an actual Reddit account not just posting as a shameless plug! Take this 🏅as a token of appreciation. Now my font has changed  in my message box and I like it. Have this too 🏆
You were her entire life, you did great!
HeLulofva run
God damn, your cat is ancient by feline standards. 
Get that fur ball a statue made in their image!
This is beautiful to see❣️🤗
This post is making me cry 😭 im glad you had such a wonderful friend OP ❤
I never knew a cat could share old pictures of her and her human pet, so wholesome.
This made me tear up just thinking about the pictures of me and my old cat that just passed away...
Aww reminds me of my kitty scarlett. We got her in 99 and she passed in 2017 :( old girl was old enough to drink where i live lol.
Precious faces.  The one she's precocious and the other she's precious.  Thanks OP
I approve
This post and comments damn near have me crying while my boss stands next to me doing paperwork. Thank you. Thank you so much for sharing. Best wishes to you and your new baby 💜
What a precious sweet girl 💕💕💕
My forties were a hell of a lot more fun than my thirties
 Much more mature and much smarter
I want to feed her cheese and pet her. 

The cat I mean. OP is cool too.
😌☺️
She's precious
😭😭😭😭😭😭
I had an outdoor cat that lived to be 24. She came in when she wanted and toward the end of her life she just stayed inside lounging. I wish you happy cat feelings for a long time to come
This is wholesome content that we needed right now! Thank you, you two beautiful beings!
I love everything about this. Thanks for sharing!!
Is the cat posting pictures now. Damn
Awww that’s so cute
Aww
Both absolutely beautifully stunning!
I love this so much 😭🥺
putting down my old cat Kleopatra was the hardest thing i've done in my life, she was 17 years old.
[removed]
Amazing I love this
22 yrs old at least, damn
I hope to be able to do this in 2037 when my cat will be 20.
My Yorkshire lived 20 yrs❤
I was a moron and thought this is 10 years apart. I was utterly confused by how grown up you look /facepalm

But wow didn't know cats live that long
Wow, I was born in 98
She's wonderful! As someone who lost their old guy last year, cherish every moment you have with her! My old guy was there for me throughout my chemotherapy and was always a comfort to me in my darkest times. I sure miss him.

By the way do you think you'll ever commission some artwork or a tattoo or something? My wife lost her beloved pug and I commissioned an art piece for her craft room and she loved it.
My heart just melted.
She's pretty
What a beautiful companion she is.
im cryingggg
Between the photo and the drawing and the Schnoodle I'm actually crying. Gonna go hug my old boy now, he's around 18. So so glad your little baby got to know happiness and love and that you got to enjoy so much good time with her. That's truly one of the best gifts in life.
Wow this is so beautiful and sad at the same time, recently my cat Murphy passed away who grew up with me and this kind of feels nostalgic as it reminded me so much of me and him, keep her close to you as she is the most valuable thing in the world for you.
How long can a cat live
No 🐈
Amazing
I didn’t know that cats could live to 20.
That’s a sweet old lady ❤️
I had one free award to give to thousands of posts and yours was the one that inspired me the most. Take your award please
Her eyes used to be so big! I’d like to imagine that when she gets to kitty heaven she will finally be able to stare at everything she’s been missing 🥺. Bless your heart for sharing this precious beast with us
I didn't know cats could live that long lol
Beautiful. My cat died today and this picture made me feel better.
Awe! So cute!
Respect to those who care for their pets to their last.
Are you way too cute❤️❤️
Where’s the “Fastest Thing to Ever Make Me Cry” award?
Aww. She's so cute. I wish her a good health.
Omg I wish I cos share a picture of my sister's boy. He looks so much like your cat and is about the same age!
Aw
Is it still alive ...?
Very cool!
You’re both so beautiful! 😭

I hope [my boy](https://i.imgur.com/bAZL9Vv.jpg) makes it that long. I love him so much.
Please tell me how haha
You're blessed by your little guy/girl.  We hope to get 20 years from our boys, 10 to go!
This is so sweet. Animals are awesome. Friends through it all.
That is so sweet.  Look how happy you were with your little buddy.  20 years with a pet is a great gift to both of you.
Omg 💕💕😭
I hope my ginger boy Georgie makes it 20 years
That cat is the queen Elizabeth of cats......
Well done!  In my house we could never keep a cat past the age of 7.
So beautiful! I too have had my furbaby since I was 5, I’m now 20! I’m hoping for many, many more years to come!
So sweet
I find it funny how much the top half of your face grew up but the bottom seems almost identical
Had my old girl (21) put down today. She was feisty and full of unconditional love until the end. It’s so nice to see your post and how much love and joy kitties bring to us all x
Holy shit, your cat is immortal
20 years old, Congratulations!
Many you sexy af, and the lady is pretty too I guess
Cats can post pics now? Never thought I'd see the day...
Plot twist, the cat is posting this.
I love this
For me, my thirties were definitely my favourite decade. I guess my twenties are second. Then my forties and just now, within four months, will be waving by to my fifties. Very decent pay but my work  s pretty heavy. Time catches up. Enjoy life! Ciao!
🤙👍
Wow how long do cats live. That’s so awesome
Never had a dog live past 15
awww
The cat is part turtle
Amazing photos. Bless her little paws.
I wish I had that kind of love
why am i crying rn
A few more years, or months.... Cri
That is the look of a contented, satisfied cat that has lived an amazing, loving/loved life. Such a sweet girl. Wishing you both the best<3
This almost brought me to tears, wow, I love this.
So sweet!
Beautiful kitty
❤️❤️❤️My sweet baby boy is 19 and I hope to have him a few more years. The love of my life!! This post made me smile :)
It looks just like my new kitten <3
You and her are very beautiful! You look like best friends from the start. 🤘🏼
Which one is you?
This is so freaking cute and adorable. It's amazing to see the both of you grow up together. It looks like she has multiple lives worth of love. This made my day. My furbabies 🐻 and I send all our hugs, cuddles, and kisses to the young queen 👑🤗😍😙😁😎.
Damn that cat is as old as me.
ugh i got my cat when i was 21 and she was three years old. i can’t believe i’ll likely have her into my late thirties/early forties
Aw she’s still in ur heart
They chose you.
This is soo cute☺️
I wouldn't say the human is that old...
Such a cute fuzzy, and the cat too.
That's very cool to see that sort of long-term companionship. I also have a soft spot for kids and their pets, so it's adorable to see the first one, but also heart-warming to see you two twenty-years later. Thanks for sharing.
This made me think of the relationship between whats his name and homegirl the Elf in the lord of the rings. Beautiful and sad.
Got to grow up together 💜💜💜💜
Aww all I have memories are my pets dying when I was young and my parents didn't do a damn thing about it
You’re so lucky. And I’m so happy for you.
What a cute cat!
Aww, that’s so great. My old girl came into my life on my ninth birthday and I had her until my 30th. What a gift, to get to grow up with her by my side
<3
That cat is at least 5 years old.
she’s beautiful, it’s a special bond you share:)
old ass cat
Cute 🥰
i’m not crying you’re crying
I’m glad to see someone with a shared experience. I had a cat like that too, Minxy. I got her when I was 4 and she was mine til I turned 23. 🧡
Oh damn... this warms my heart... thank you!
Beautiful.
Saw this pic and made me tear up. I lost my cat a few months ago after only 12 years. But she was with me through my toughest years.
How did that little cat taste
Made me smile
What a cutie, nice cat too
I had to put my old girl of 16 years down last sunday.
She was with me through the last part of of elementary, all of middle, high, and college.
Its quiet and lonely but I thank God I was blessed with beautiful loving cat.
You are both very lucky, that is a beautiful age))
The only mistake I made was not taking more pictures of my franzi.  If only I could go back to when I got him that’s the only thing I would change at all.
Aw. Precious fluffs.
BBM
I love you so mush
Crying just thinking about my 6 month old kitty getting old and dying 😢 she's the best pet I've ever had.
Oh shit. She is very close is not?
Best ever
This is beautiful y'all got me about to cry
Wow. So if that cat is 50 years old, how old are you?
How is that cat still alive?
This brings so much joy to my heart
💓🧠🙏🏿Muchos años Buenos más
Awww this is so cute, especially since as I type this my 14 year old boy is at my feet yelling at me, I've had him over half my life. Childhood pets are great.
The only creature apart from your parents maybe who knows you through and through.
So cute
Two beauties
Oh my gosh I feel the love. I also had a cat for 20 plus years. 😻
This is so wholesome 🥺
I love her and now I'm crying
Such beautiful frienship, i love this post!
Cats don't live that long though
I want a cat
You do know those updoots are not only for your lovely kitty cat?
Awww such a good girl
Awww such a good girl
😌
that reminds me of my cat that we got in 1999, he became a bit of a grump to others but he always was a softy when you scratched his chin
Why am I crying :’( this is too much love for me <3
Thats me
She is still hot
Why 2018 and not 2020? WHAT HAPPENED?!?!
What a beautiful photo!! Heres to another 20 years together 💜
I'm a sucker for old cats. Go ahead and take my upvote.
Wow ! Not only is the cat cool , but the little girl grew up to be quite a stunning young woman !! 💐
good lord you're a baby!
Long may she reign
Love this
That's awesome, must be great to have a furry friend for that long!
20 year old cat? Wow
You are so beautiful.
I just adopted a 2 month old little guy that has been wondering aimlessly around my town for weeks and he looked so hungry, I had to take him home and feed him. Now he's like my shadow and growing on me. Hope we enjoy each others company for 20 years! You're stunning as well OP.
Wow, 10 years!
😻❤️
What is in the future is truly saddening and terrifying
Poor gatito 😩 descansa en paz
Sorry for your loss. I went through same thing twice this year. One at beginning of this year, the other in the middle of pandemic lockdown. Both were 20 years of age. It's crazy when I look back at old photos and see young my little sister and I were when we had these two.
This is beautiful.
 I came to the comments expecting simpage and I am pleasantly surprised to see wholesome cat stories. Thanks reddit <4
Lovely.
Now that's precious
lost my cat of seventeen years a week ago. give that precious baby extra kisses and cuddles for me!
Fuck, 1998 was 22 years ago. I keep thinking it was a couple years ago.
Purrfect BFF!
Sweetest thing I've seen all day thanks for sharing 🥰🥰
Beauties ! 😻
Old bb

Much love. I plan to rescue and adopt middle aged kitty's for my whole life. Looks like a gorgeous cat you owned with a wonderful life :)

Cheers
I love this. Wow she is an old girl. You’re lucky to have had a companion that long.
Wow, next month would have been 20 years with my old girl. She started declining christmas of last year and was doing pretty good until mid to late Feb this year. I lost her March 3. 

It hurts immeasurably to think I wont see her again. That love is irreplaceable.
Old kitty
That’s adorable. We won’t tell her you call her your old girl. 

Anyway how do you post on Reddit with such tiny paws??
Good kits 😎
Your joy in the first picture is like Christmas
Is this a roast?
That’s an old ass cat
Cutie!....... You're not so bad either!
I have a cat and dog your is cute like mine
That’s the beauty of a child getting a cat. They get to grow up together.
You’re all growd up now
I got my Salem in 2000. He passed over after 18 years of friendship in 2018. Nothing like growing up with a pet.
I wish I could afford this.. I can barely keep myself alive someday I hope to have a cat companion
Well, I didn’t think I’d cry tonight but here I am
Wow so cute all both.
Dear cat.. I don't think your hoooman looks that old..
She's a sweet girl. You're very lucky.
Holy shit that many awards, ya got an EXTREME CAT AND i.redd.it karma
You two look absolutely sweet together!! Having a sweet companion by your side at all times is the best! ❤️
I had the pleasure of having my kitty girl, Magic for 22 years and seven months. 1988 to 2010 I still miss her attacking my toes at night as she slept under the sheets.
I'm so happy she had a long life! I'm hoping my new baby spends that much time with me. Thanks for the smiles!
Damn 10 years is old for a cat
Damn Cat, you bred your human quite well !
Did the cat post this?
My first kitty lived 19 amazing years. It's a special gift to have them that long. I'm glad you got to experience that.
You're both so beautiful :)
omg beautiful
You looked like Missy from Young Sheldon!
Jesus, 20 years! I have an old girl that's hanging on at 17 and we think that she's ancient!
Dm for weekly allowances
My grandparents had a kitty who lived to around 20 and one of her daughters, though I don’t know how long the daughter lived, and they both had to get put down a few years ago
She still around?
i did not make a drawing but i wrote governor schwarzenegger about me, we quite like each other, thats it..., i am very sorry about your dog
A cats life long friendship is ever lasting. I remember every one of my cats. When I got old enough to pay for it, I started having them cremated so that I, along with my deceased husband's aches can be spread together. No cat can ever replace another but there are so many out there that need love. I take in stray cats & dogs. I encourage you all to do the same. These pictures show a true life long love. Kudos to you.
20 years is just insane for a cat
You're both pretty.
So so beautiful!!!! I love 💕 ur kitty 🐱, u can tell she is in love with u😌, but you’re absolutely gorgeous
Damn you look good in 2018, tell the human to leave you alone though.
At first I was wondering how a cat is posting on reddit, then I realized that "my girl" was in fact, the cat.
This is sort of unrelated, but holy shit you have such beautiful eyes
You’re gorgeous!
He look kinda dead 😕
r/wellworn
She looks so tired of your shit lol.
She looks so sad and tired 😔
Some house cats have as much as a 90% matching DNA to humans
Goddamn you got hot
[deleted]
[removed]
is the cat wearing mascara in the second photo?
Awwww cutiez
Old cat
Am I the only one who thought this was a father posting a picture of his daughter?
Instead it’s a woman who needs to post pictures of herself and uses her cat as an excuse :(
You're way hotter as an adult.
you look like a pop star
😍😍😍😍😍
I had no idea that a cat could have a reddit account.
who the hell cares
Yeah yeah yeah, you’re pretty and all. We want more cat!
[deleted]
Im not crying you are...
[removed]
At least the kitty’s aged well
[removed]
Your history looks like you adopted this thing 5 years ago?
Twenty years old zombie cat
Can't decide on who might be the old girl.
Both so cute 🥰
[removed]
Both of you aged so beautifully:)
You look like missy from young Sheldon,no wonder she was so so confident she gonna be beautiful when she grew up
Get that cat some tuna, poor thing doesn't look long for this world.
That woman doesn’t look that old ... 😛
Hi you are so so nice looking
I love you both, and you both are BEAUTIFUL and loveable!  LOVE LOVE LOVE
Listen here you beautiful specimen.  Take me
I was talking about you btw
