Just found my will to live for today guys
it's a pullover
Adorable! Is that an anxiety aid thing?
I saw this and started yelling this cat is so cute.
r/illegallysmolcats
Kittigan
[deleted]
I really liked his work in Knives Out
r/supermodelcats
Cute but not a cardigan
My God!!  Tooooo much!!
I would squeeze her up!
my heart 😍
Ok. So very cute I want to eat my elbows.
Schnoodle where are you
Purnest Hemingway.
Yes that's a kitten. No that isn't a cardigan.
Precious little kitten!
Okay mom, you got the picture, now can you PLEASE get this thing off of me?
This cat is super Disney looking
I thought I recognised my friend’s kitten! The kitten’s name is Yuki. She has her own instagram: yukitty.gram 

Go follow :)
Just a kitten in knitting
The title leaves much to be expected.

The post leaves more beauty than expected.
Nothing less
Taylor Swift likes this
The best time to wear a stripped sweater... Is aaaallll the tiiiiime.... One with a collar, turtle neck, that's the kiiiind....
Omg we're dressed the same u need to change
This is peak reddit.
Squ^e^e^e!
*cute kitten
This kitten and everything around it looks so comfortable I want to snuggle into this photo.
Thank you kind person. I showed this picture to my mom and she said: 'that's it we're getting a cat' now i we ate getting a british shorthair in a few weeks
what breed/type of cat is that?
In love.
Such a beautiful kitty! 😍
The Devil Wears Purrrrda
I think this is the most beautiful being I ever seen.
Nothing more .. because this is *everything*
Adorable
Sometimes you just need a kitten wearing a cardigan.
Somebody tell me there's a comment begging for it to be crossposted to r/kitting!
Its so cuteeee this is so cute and i just woke up from bed and it already made my mornin:3
I haz a warm!
No, that’s an ADORABLE kitten wearing a cardigan.
How come when I post a picture of me wearing a cardigan and nothing more it gets taken down?
Adorable ❤️
Does it come in black? M size please.
I needed to see this after reading 150,000 new COVID-19 cases in the US.
She's just preparing for her adventure.
ahhh it's a like a tiny version of one of mine :D
I generally don't like it when animals are put into clothes. But this one is cute
This brightened me and the little kiddos day "it looks just like the cat in Barbie!"
I would pay big mone for a cat cardigen, i dont even own a cat
Oh my god.
I love pets pretending to be humans, gives them the companionship and part of the family love look.
So cute! So handsome!
Boston friends would call this a catigan
The drip
Absolutely heccin cute 😄
What a cutsie wootsie little fubsikins.
You missed the opportunity to say catigan and it bothers me XD
Taylor Swift’s dream.
Repeat with me: a knitten-kitted kitten.
My Pit has that same sweater....slightly bigger though lol I call it his old man sweater
So this is how rich cats look
How adorable. 💕
I want one, so cute.
This is a low blow, even for the awww forum.
That cute little tail. Such an adorable little fella'
Soooooo cuteee!!! 😍
All I needed, as it turns out.
Cardigans are open at the front genius
Pixie? Where's your brother, Brutus?
I don't need anything more
༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ
This just made my morning and my children giggle
What type of cat is this? I rescued one that looks like this yesterday
There’s more! S(he) is cute!
A kitigan*
It's quite literally a Cool Cat Cardigan.
A sweater AND cute socks
That is not just a kitten. That is a kitten WEARING A SWEATER!!
Smol cat big eyes
So warm and fuzzy. I bet the cardigan is too.
What more could there be?
That's an Aran jumper. Cute cat tho.
O.O
Cardikitten
Smol boi
THOSE EYES!
And yet, what a treat!
Tis a cat in a cardigan at my door, that, and nothing more
What an adorable kitty! Awwww
Theres a song where a cat sings a song about an old cardigan. Her name is something swift...?
Best monster hunter dlc I’ve ever seen
Cute!!
Jumper.
But it’s nothing less, as well!
....and other luxurious textures about!
But is it made from it's own fluff? We saw that cat hats could be done, so why not also cat clothes?
What breed is this cat ,I am thinking about owning a cat
Ffs, that's adorable.
Cardi C
this is painfully cute, fuck!
Purrfect!
This is why reddit is still a wonderful place!
Did not want to go out of my bed, now that made my day 🤗
*dies of cute*
All the dude ever wanted was his rug back, man. It really tied the room together.
AND WHEN I THOUGHT I WAS AN OLD CARDIGAN UNDER SOMEONES BED, YOU PUT ME ON AND SAID I WAS YOUR FAVORITE
Monster hunter palico right here
A cardicat
Kitten in a cardigan sounds like a morrissey song
Holy fuck
Kitten Cardi
I want it!
Cardikitten
What kind of cat is this??
It’s a cardigan but thanks for asking!
This made my morning!! So adorabe
I said pull over,  no thank you it's a cardigan
angela is literally fainting
Looking much better in a cardigan than I do.
So cute!
OMG, what a tiny bundle of huggable!!!
Kitten in a knitten
Omg. I want this enlarged and hung in my living room.
Nuff said
Sooo gorgeous
Nuff said
One of the cutest cats I have ever seen \*.\*
Damn, this really made my day. It’s only 9 AM but I know nothings gonna top this
so that's what a cardigan is!
And certainly nothing less!
HHHHHHNNNNNNGGGGG
Cardi Squeee
Squeeeeee!   I can't even!
It's all you need.
How is that cat not hot? It's cute as hell, but with that additional layer of fur.
Too cute!
Why would you put a thick sweater on a cat.  Makes no sense to me.
Holy shit I have your couch
Is that a Cardigan Welsh Siamese?
Look. At. This. Perfection. Honestly, it made my day a little better.
I WANT IT!
I LOVE making sweaters for my cats. If only they loved wearing them... Thank you for sharing!
Actually it’s a pullover, but thanks for noticing!
u/SwanKind6109
A Cardigitten
“You put me on and said I was your favorite...”
So you say...!
Omfffggggg
....knitten
My mother makes endless dresses/sweaters/cardigans for the three cats she has.
Precious as fuck
thank you for sharing this with the world. we are better people for seeing this.
Kitten catouflage.
Welp, now I wish I didn’t give my only wholesome award away.
That kitten is more fashionable than I will ever be
Such a cute cat!
cardicape
And that’s enough
Just here to waste the pointless rocket like
That is adorable!
Awww it looks like it has cute lil gloves on too
Cardi Cat. Prrrr.
It is like my cat but smaller. So cuute!
So hip!
Omg so beyond cute! Those eyes pull you into a world of comfort and care!
yes
It's cute and all but DON'T PUT CLOTHES ON A CAT
Dapper Kitty, got a cable knit cardigan and tiny black gloves.
"Why am I wearing this human?"
It's a nice day for a light sweater.
what else
Omg.  Squee
Sweet
Cross post to r/librarians !!
My dog has the same cardigan!
That is the most ADORABLE thing ever! The kittygan!
What a cutee
Angela needs this kitten cat!
Wow
Omg that's a pretty kitty ♡
Catdigan...

I had to do this
Cute sweater
Even kittens love Mr Rogers
Needs some kitten mittens
We call that a chunky sweater
That's my cat, just in kitten form
Nothing more??What could possibly can be better than this
That is one cute kitty!
A “Catigan”
That face kills me
small bean kitty
Is there a pattern link we could get?
Oh my FUCKING GOD!!!!!! So cuuuuuuuuttttrreeeeee
KITTEN CARDIGAN
This kitten has way nicer sweaters than me
Taylor Swift has entered the chat
And here's your upvote...
Schmidt is looking for you
So stylish
lovely
That's not fair! Firing the cute gun with the image of a lovely kitten -well ok. Going nuclear by putting them in a cable-knit is going too far.
A kitten and a catdigan? To the front page!!
And wearing that cardigan is enough.
all I needed to see today
I didn't know my cat needed a sweater/cardigan so bad until now.
Cardigan?
Adorable. But she already has fur. My guess is she's hot af.
Good! I don’t think my heart could handle much more! Too stinkin cute!!
Found Taylor Swift’s Reddit Account!!
Omg where can I get that sweater 😍
where's the cardigan from?
This is adorable  
r/HappyUpvote
Cardikitten.
It's a Vermin Killing Sweater
Way too cute!
This is way toooooo cute
Aww
I think Taylor Swift would appreciate this very much :) as do I thank you
Il call him EEF
My dog has that sweater
You're wrong, this is So Much More than just a kitten in a cardigan
Awwh they're so smol
A kitten in a cardigan is everything, pal. We need more pics.
So cute!!!
I need 5.
i wish i were that elegant
Cutest Knitten I’ve seen all day. ❤️
Catdigan
Just a kitten in knittin’s
Omg he/she is sooooo adorable. I adopted an older Siamese from a shelter and seeing kitten form just makes my heart melt. 💕
This made my entire day 😭
Beautiful! What breed is this?
Virgin killer.
Thank you
Just a wee cardigitten
What type of cat is this?
Got a cardigan for our mini schnauzer.  It has two pockets.  My husband is going through an existential crisis trying to figure out what our dog is carrying around in his pockets. 

Son’s gf suggested “treats” but, honestly, we all know he wouldn’t hold on to a treat long enough to pocket it.  Daughter suggested a wallet, but pup is a gold digger and pays for nothing.  So, . . . ?
So wholesome, and those eyes!!!! What a bean! <3
Okay. That's cute.
Aww, how cute! I love it —
omg I am IN LOVE
Lovely
Looking at this made me feel joy like a kittigan
Precious 🐱💕‼️
Serious question What kind of cat is this?
Kitty needs a witch hat to go with her outfit.She looks like a kind witchy familiar.
Ransom?  You’re back again?
Damn that’s cute
so cutee
Where do I find such a cute kitten sweater.
Cardikitten
Catigan
192 awards, yet not one actually benefits op in any way. God I miss the old award system.
is... so smoll!!1!!1!!

so cuty!!!1!

v nice sweter!1!1!!!!+1
Nothing less ♥ 💕
This is so much more!! The fact that this cutie is wearing super preppy sweater that matches her fur!! What?! Too much cuteness ❤️
Beautiful and adorable ❤️
This whole house looks cozy, everything is soft and fuzzy
My cats would claw my eyes out if I tried putting them into a cardigan (or any other sweater)!
Don't they hate this though? My cat hates to wear things and she couldn't groom herself - or is this in the place of one of those thing that they has to wear after the surgery? Looks super adorable but gives me so much anxiety :P
My cat is surprisingly comfortable in sweaters. At first it was just a cute funny thing  but then she turned out to be much more mellow when wearing one
I haven't seen a chonky turtleneck sweater that compelling since *Knives Out*.
Thank you.
cuteness. i love it
Awww :,)
That’s a turtleneck not a cardigan.
Nothing more, but nothing less than a cute ass kitten in a lovely sweater.
Amazing
The post above this for me is the old guy who knits for penguins too funny.
Flippin Adorables mate.
Reminds me of the show sagwa the Siamese cat
What is this breed of cat? So gorgeous
Is there a pattern?
I've now entered the land of feels.
Catigan
Is this a point colored ragdoll ? Which color?
That is precious
So cute omg 🥺🥺
I love it when animals wear human clothes.
Man that's a cute baby :3
The real COVID vaccine
Oh fuck
That little face, tho
:)
UWU
I'll shower the kitty with blankets,soft toys and treats too. Anything she wants.
And nothing less.
Cardi-kitten
Omg. They’re the Chris Evans of cats.
1-2-3 “Squeeeeee!” Our household just now 🤗
Such a cutie!😍
I had a kitty that looked just like this she passed away from feline leukemia. What an absolute treasure so beautiful!
Cute
Where can I get one just like this?
I’m exploding.
That is the cutest thing I have ever seen. 
Also a little jealous...given that cat has more fashion sense that I do. 
Also more adorable.
My hope for humanity lies not with their humanitarian efforts, but their will and ability to post cute cat pictures.
What type of cat is this please?
catigan
I’m smitten with that well-fittin’ kitten knittin’.
Holy crap. Cuteness overload.
Isn’t that just a cable knit turtleneck sweater? It’s adorable
Love it! But that’s not a cardigan.
"The Khajit stole nothing, you see"
Their colouring looks like they have little Ugg boots on
But is there a pattern?
Pull over!

No it's a cardigan but thanks for noticing
Knittin’ kitten
It to be picky but that’s a cable knit sweater. Still cute as can be but I opened thinking I’d see a professor cat.
Beautiful baby
Well don't you mean Kittengan 😁
OMG SOOOOOOOOOO CUTE- Made me smile
How do I tag Taylor Swift?
Awwwwww
Just a kitten wearing a cardigan, and nothing more

A kitten wearing a cardigan, four paws on the cold floor

A kitten in a cardigan, as cold blows through the open door

A kitten in a cardigan, simple, mild and reserved

The kitten holds its person, warm rest well deserved
Cardigan mean buttons up the front
Please send this to Taylor Swift! 😁
I have a sweater just like this.
Cattigan.
I want this kitten. I want this cardigan. I want this kitten in this cardigan. I am overwhelmed.
I hear cats are generally always cold in our homes because we like it colder than they do. Should we put sweaters on all kitties?
An eloquently dressed kitten
It's so cute ❤❤❤
so cute
Omg. 

THIS IS THE CUTEST THING I’VE EVAR SEEN!!!
More please
Love everything about this kitty, from the face to the ears to the adorable paws!!!😍
How is this post almost to 100K ?!?!?!
Do you know the pattern for the adorable kitty cardigan? My own cat would look sufficiently adorable in one
It is sufficient. 
Thank you.
Cuteeeee
Omg too cute. Can't handle it
Nothing less
Oh my gosh they have a teeny version of a sweater I have 🥺
So adorable omg
Fucking adorable ❤
So cute ❤️
My heart melted. My sadness went away.
Aww! Kitties in cardis!
I beg to differ! An ADORABLE kitten wearing a cardigan.
Fancy cat! Someone bring this kitty a pecan salad.
thats so cute
so cute!
That's a Cattigan
-1 NOT A CARDIGAN.  Fuck you.
Most cats don't need clothes, because they have fur and cats with fur wearing clothes can die off overheating. This is stupid and puts the cat at risk for "aww"-points.
awwww
She looks like she's getting ready to get a pumpkin spice latte from Starbucks
Feel free to share these things everyday
Paging r/TaylorSwift
Nothing to de here, move along
I need to make a little sweater for my cat so she can stay warm when we go out (shes a short hair) but I haven't quite figured it out. I tried the sock method but the sock was way too short
sweetest lil angel
LMAO that's so adorable 😍😻
Those eyes though ♡ 😍😍😻😻
Omg more please my heart needs it
/r/kitting
Omg just adorable
So cute loved.
ⁱˢ ʰᵉ ʷᵃʳᵐ?
a catigan
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA :,O
Someone please tell me what kind of cat this is omg 😭
What a sweet heart.
Cutest thing ever!
Kittigan
My son accidentally washed and dried one of my wife’s handmade sweaters and that’s about what it shrank down to.

He even showed it to her, I would have buried it in the trash can. 
But she didn’t get upset, cause he didn’t do it on purpose.
Hugging and cuddling are the same thing and that’s it no “dominance” and no discomfort ladeladela...there is literally nothing here to debate phoney poser.
Not ashamed to say I’ve come back to this pic several times since posting. I can’t handle the cuteness!
How long did she have to wear it? She needs to groom herself.
Someone please link me that cat sweater
"*Won't mew be my neighbor*"
Catmere.....hehe
[removed]
So?
