Thank you! He looks very happy and grateful. They only get better as they get older!
love seeing older dogs get adopted and get some love, he’s a handsome lil dude
We adopted our last dog at 8 and had nearly 4 years with her. Best dog ever. Senior dogs are the BEST! Congrats on your adorable new pup
Don’t you *ever* stop petting him, ok?
Aww he is so precious!! Thank you for adopting, especially an older boi! The adoption rates for older cats and dogs are depressingly low. This is a lucky fella for sure
As a veterinarian, I always congratulate families that adopt older dogs. They have just as much, if not more love to give. I also think there is an appreciation that they have for their new, and final family. I hope you have a love and joy filled time with him, however long that may be.
makes me so happy to see people adopt older pets. they so often get forgotten about and spend months upon months (if not longer), stuck in shelters. good on you, I have no doubt he went to an awesome home!
Fun fact: Folks who adopt senior pets are called “angels”
Heartwarming. The older doggos tend to be left behind while the puppets get scooped up. Bless your hearts for taking in this handsome fellow :) legit heart-string pulling going on over here...

Edit: I said “puppets” when I meant “puppers” lol
Such a sweet handsome boy!
I got my girl when she was nearly 14; I knew her time with me would be limited but I'd do it all over again. Senior dogs deserve love too
Eyes of gratitude
I adopted my kitty at 14, she's 18 now and is absolutely the love of my life. I think I may only adopt senior animals from now on, they're already housebroken and they have all their wiggles out, so they're just pure sweetness and gratitude, plus they really really need it. I'm so happy you have a new friend :)
He may not be that old. My dog just turned 8 and has more grey
Give him lots of love, he clearly deserves it!
Nothing sweeter than an old dog. I can tell he has an amazing soul.
I only adopt older dogs. I've had an 8 year old, a 15 year old, and a 13 year old. All german shepherds. They're great. The 13 year old currently lives with me and I can see him giving me the stink eye while I'm working, which is better than the stinky butt he had earlier where he took a huge crap in the living room because he has diarrhea.
So I'm elderly and single.  I have two cats that are not cuddlers, lol.  I got so lonesome.  I went to some neighbors and asked them if I could walk their dog.  I told them I was lonely and bored and fat so the exercise will help me.  I now have 3 BFF's!  I was told by one wife that Buddy lays in front of the door until I come and get him.  My other two are great and we have open fields so we've all got a place to play.  After each walk, I get down and get my hugs and licks.  Damn I feel good.  They get to be outside (rain or shine!) and I get exercise and love.  Win/win.  Anyhow, enjoy your new family member and thank you for adopting him at his age.  Thank you!  seriously....you're awesome
I love him
Oh my god those eyes. I’d do anything for that doggo
I’m not crying you’re crying
Oh how sweet. Congrats on your new family member!
Old puppies are the best puppies
Always good to see the older ones get adopted.  My wife and I adopted an elderly "Chug" a few years back, and while she only lived two years --she had cancer issues-- with us, they were two years full of love and she died in my wife's arms which is what she would have wanted.  

It still chokes me up a little just thinking about it.  She was a very good dog.
Old?!?!!?!??!!?
Good on you for adopting a senior pup.   

You’re making the rest of that dog’s life exponentially better.    I mean, it’s eyes say it all!
I love him.
He is so adogable. Thank you for giving him a loving home. 

Who is cutting onions in here?
I like him! :-) Thanks for your kindness!
Bless ya mate. You did good.
Old puppers are the best. My 15 yr old pup agrees.
People who adopt old pets deserve a very big hug. Adoption is incredible in any situation, but seeing the old doggos getting to enjoy a nice family in their "last" years is awesome. Thanks you guys for putting a damn big smile on my face <3
Please give him extra pets from a fellow Redditor who also has old pups 😊
r/OldManDog would love this
Damn, his sweet face got me emotional. You can really see how happy and grateful he is because he has new owners. Animals are just so pure and full of love.
Heartwarming!  You’re better than me.
This warms my heart ❤️
Well done.
Y’all so lucky!!got yourself  sweet old pup there
Give this dog the best years he has left
Aww what a gentle soul ♥️
My heart can't handle these feels 😭😭❤️ we don't deserve dogs
Die happy, awesome
Good for you guys :) Senior animals are honestly some of the sweetest pets ever. I’ve met / had a few pets that grew old and they were the best, so gentle and loving. It’s sad some people give up their pets when they grow old, they only grow sweeter and more loving over time
I love him. ♥
Adopting a senior pet is literally my favorite thing to do. You (and anyone else) won't regret it!  Giving a retirement full of love is the most rewarding relationship around.
People who leave their dog at this age or any age and throw it in a shelter are scum. You and your wife are amazing people! I hope he spends the rest of his days happy with you guys!
He loves you! Good for you and him.
YES YES YES YES LOVE THE ADOPTION OF OLDER DOGS FUCK YES **LET’S FUCKKKKKKKKKKIIIINNNGGGGG GOOO**
Thanks for taking him in. I admire anyone who takes in older dogs, heros.
Not gonna lie, this brought tears to my eyes.
You are beautiful people to adopt this amazing senior dog ❤️🙏🏻
I LOVE HIM

this also makes me really miss my old guy :(
"I have been privileged to be given a home yet again with the long lived human folk. It seems this time I have a lovely home, which makes a nice retirement. I was hoping I would not have another like when I was a young pup, for there was hardness and pain, and no pats or 'good dog's. Water was usually from a dirty puddle near the tap. I have not lived that way for years, but the memories don't always fade.

Now my bones are weary and the eyes grow dim. Harder to see and hear. Seems odd when inside I know I am still just a pup. I still try to be at times. It's worth it when the humans laugh. They share my joy. 

I know that to them I am so very young. These long lived humans that live for generations of our kind. How many things they must see and know! They are wise without end. To be loved by one is a precious gift. Here I have two! They give me head scratches and good food. I don't have to hunt for anything, which is good for these old legs. 

I haven't had a bad life, all told. I've known a lot of different humans along the way. I am so glad, that for the end of my life, to be cared for by such loving ones."
Give him a pat for me :D
He loves you already ❤️
i love that people are still adopting dogs
He looks so damn happy and grateful, I’m actually tearing up. Thank you for what you did. 
When I’m in a stable enough spot for myself, this is something I’d like to do
How could someone let him go?
In case you didn't knew you are in top 1  mkst awardes posts amd im talking to the dog not to you the poster
Thank you for adopting a senior!! My husband and I adopt senior dogs and it is the absolute best decision ever.
What a fluffy handsome precious baby omg
A nicey pupper! May I offer the very good boy a boop or a scritch?
Such a good pupper!!
Oh my fucking god
Get down on the floor and cuddle that bastard.
Precious doggo pupper
You did a wonderful thing, give him rubs for me
It appears you found your best friend! Those eyes couldn’t be more full of love! 

Giving my boy some extra scratches while I keep watching this over and over again. He’s an 8 year old lab who still acts and looks just like a puppy in so many ways — even if he’s almost all grey!
You should do a broadcast.
Well done you awesome person. Get used to that look because that's all your going to see now. He will never forget.
He’s an old grey baby. I love him
Love when people adopt older dogs.. I used to work at a pound years ago and it literally crushed my soul seeing so many old dogs (who were extremely nice and loyal) put down.
Thank you for giving him a loving home
I love senior dogs. Congratulations on your pup.
What a sweet baby
You all are lucky.  Thank you for sharing.
You’re awesome!!
We adopted a 10 yr old blind, heart worm positive pup in the beginning of the summer. I’ll never get a puppy again. Old dogs are the best dogs. Just need someone to give them love & proper care. Thank you for picking this lil guy up and giving him the love he needs.
Thank you for giving a loving home to such a sweet old man! Senior adoption is one of the noblest things you can do, imo
/u/stee4vendetta looks like our old nova bear. What a good pup!
God bless you for adopting an older dog. Most don't and miss out on the greatest animals
“Hey! Hook a brother up with some scitches..... oh yeah.... nice..Thanks, new guy”
Man this both warms and breaks my heart at the same time thinking of all the good doggos that need a home.

If I’m ever rich one day, I’m gonna build a place where I can adopt a shit ton of dogs and let them just live their lives happy. I think of it as paying back for all the years that dogs have come through for me when humans didn’t.
Bless u bless ur wife bless this pup thank you needed this
What a blissed out old gent!
The bestest boy
Pure sweet love. You and your wife are such kind people, thank you.
Older adopted dogs are amazing. Mine is missing an eye, was a cage biter, was mistreated etc. He is the most loving and attention needy thing at 9 years old. Older dogs are just something else.
Thank you!!!  Older dogs are the best and they so need the love after being in the shelter.  It always breaks my heart to see older dogs being abandoned.  All of our dogs are rescues.  They are crazy AF, but we loves them.
He may be an old man, but he's still a very good boy at heart.
No better human than the one who gives an older dog a chance 💜
Awwwwww this made my day
Black labs are the absolute best. ❤️
Bless your hearts
Extra extra sweet when older doggies get adopted
LOVE the expression on this sweet puppy. That's real love
Awwww so cute!
Crying !
Love this. You are a good human.
Those eyes are full of love
And he will love you to pieces until his last breath. Dogs, bruh.
Senior puppers are the best puppers.
Senior pups are absolutely amazing.
Don't just look for kittens and puppies!  I've raised plenty of kittens in my life, but the sweetest cat I've ever had is the one who i adopted at seven years old.  She's the most wonderful cat I can even imagine.
He looks quite happy, good job!
It’s like they really know. They’re really grateful. Thanks! He’s a handsome boy and seems like a sweetheart.
That’s the look of LOVE
Looks and behaves so much like my dog 😭
We rescued/adopted an 8 year old lab as well as a 1 month old pup.  They are the best of buds.  Young pup turned 1 today.
When I have the means I want to adopt old dogs to make sure they ends their days being loved.
I love him and would die for him. 🥺
That kind of old dog love just can't be found anywhere else.  Bravo, good for you.
The pleading paw!
Absolutely beautiful!!  You can see the love and adoration for you in his eyes.
Wow I’m in tears. I have a black lab living 2 hours away with my parents and boy do I miss her.

Her grey hair has really begun to come out within the last two years and it’s so cute. She is just as sweet and happy as she was when she was a puppy. 

Granted, she wants to relax most of the days away, but still has enough energy for some love. She will lay flat on her back and just sway her tail, it’s adorable.
I would take a bullet for this baby I just need to make that clear
I love him
Fuck this is wholesome
What a cutie. We need more people like you two in the world.
I love you...period.
You are a saint. And he is a handsome good boy.
Good on ya guys. He looks like such a lovely chap.
This is one of the sweetest pet videos I've seen ever being on Reddit. To think....this old fella had pictured his perfect companion and waited, knowing he was gonna meet him one day....and then you showed up and made his wish come true. It's pure love. Congrats on finding a forever friend.
Super seniors are the best!!!
So much gratitude.  Congratulations!
Who's a good boy?
Thank you !!
That sweet face!
What is that sweet boy’s name?
aww the paws of more....so cute!
Old is gold!!
Those eyes! That look! Thank you for loving him...
Give that good old boy some scratches for me
OMG he’s SO HAPPY
So cute
He is a keeper!! 🥰
Such good people.  Such a good doggie.
He deserves extra treats just for being cute
Thank you so much for saving a senior dog. You’re an angel.
What a sweetheart! Congratulations!
Awesome. He looks a lot like my sweet old dude that we just lost. Great seeing a happy old man, thank you.
My man!
Living his best life. Kudos to you.
oh my god he’s absolutely gorgeous. this made my heart happy.
You just made my week.
The futures  now old man
Old dogs are the best dogs.
Is there a subreddit for adopted senior doggos?!?!?!!??
What’s his name
Thank you for adopting a senior. 😍
The first dog that my husband and I got was an elderly cocker spaniel who had been dumped by the side of the road by an owner who didn't want her anymore.
We loved her dearly; she was our first 'baby'. 
She had terrible separation anxiety, so my husband would take her to work with him almost every day. 
When our son was born,  she slept under his crib or bassinet.
She was ours for a little over two years. She passed away six weeks after we brought our son home. We like to think she hung out long enough to make sure her 'brother' was settled in.
Nineteen years and three dogs later, we still talk about her and shed more than a few tears.
Best wishes to you and your new family member, who clearly adores you.

😊
Thank you for adopting a senior dog.
/r/OldManDog demands tribute
pupdates please!!!!🥺🥺
How sweet are those wise old eyes!  He’s begging for love.
I love him.
Those eyes have great wisdom behind them, be mindful of that.
OMG his EYES he loves you sooooo much you can tell. he's so thankful to have a home with people who love him 💕
Much respect to those who take in old animals and insure that their later years are comfortable and filled with love. I fostered a 12 year old Doberman last year. He was so very sweet.
He is beautiful.  Thank you, from him, for giving an older pup a wonderful home.
Absolute heroes
Cute dog... I've always wanted a dog, but my parents won't let me due to allergies. :(
The way he is looking at you, that’s a true love and appreciation. Thank you for adopting him. 

God bless you and your family.
He loves the attention and petting.
He must really trust you. Most dogs are picky about who they let touch their snout.
He's just saying give me some love. My previous owners can't anymore.
Bravo!!! Thank you for adopting!!! Wishing you much happiness together
AWWWWWWWWWWW he's SO AMAZING AND HE REACHES OUT FOR AFFECTION I'm dying. Just dying. I want one
There’s something intrinsically good about this boy
I was just thinking about adopting an older dog the other day. It looks super rewarding and the dogs need good homes. Just waiting until I don’t have any roommates
Looks like he adopted you back.
Luckiest goddamn dog in the world. Thank you for adopting, my friend.
Such a good boi!!!!
What an absolute darling old man doggo!
Congratulations!! ^^ Hoping for many lovely years for you and your pup! :)
I want to be in a place in life to do this. Adopt the old dogs and give them as loving home for the last leg of their life.
So handsome
wholesome awards x9999 and 4999.5x wholesome (pro) awards and 2499.75x wholesome seal of approval awards, and uh idk maybe some 1249.875x heart eyes awards because its definitely cute for sure
❤
so pure 🥺🥰
What a sweetheart. 😍
Those eyes 😍
Love to see this, right on.
You done good OP! You've given him a great place to live out his years.
Bless you! What a sweet old man you got there!
My second adoption was an older dog, they didn't know exactly how old but 7 or 8 was the estimate. He had a few medical issues we sorted out and he lived another 5 years before modern medicine wasn't able to extend his life any further.

Shelter dogs are the best. I know anthropomorphism is a thing, but the ones you rescue from the shelter really do seem to be grateful for it. Like they know what happens to dogs that don't get rescued.
Senior dogs are sometimes the best dogs to adopt. I'm glad he has a nic ehome to live in.
Omg! Cute.
Thank you
What a sweet and distinguished gentleman.  Thank you for loving him!!!
THEY'RE ALL GOOD DOGS
Seeing this made me want to cry. My wife and I adopted an old lady that passed away after a few short years with us. Greatest dog ever... I still miss her every day.

Hold him close and cherish him while you can.
some dust or something just went in my eye i think
Old boyes are best boyes
That pooch gets exactly what he deserves - lots of love, lots of peace.
Please, make every day count.
I wish I could give more than an upvote he’s so cute
I love older dogs ❤️ they have so much love to give, and so many cuddles! I'm so happy you were able to rescue this cutie pie!
We had to put our old gal down last August (and 14.5yrs old), she could only half the time stand up without assistance, once she was up she would sometimes lose her footing, she was mostly blind, mostly deaf, and I think she was getting doggy dementia, she was getting lost in the house we'd been in for 5 years, it was heartbreaking, she was our first doggy baby, rescued at 9 months old, before my husband and I had kids, and she was there for the kids' whole lives. She was a german shepherd mix who looked very german shepherd-y but she had a naturally short tail and heterochromia. It was a devastating loss for our family. We had adopted another rescue pup (a 1 year old shepherd mix) about a year prior, he helped comfort us with her loss and we comforted him, he got kinda down after she was gone. 
Last December I took one of my kiddos to the local humane society to read to the animals (working on reading aloud and reading fluency) and wouldn't you know, the first time we went we met the sweetest little husky/shepherd mix with heterochromia as well (but hers were opposite eyes). My daughter read to her the whole time we were with the dogs (most of the kids read to a couple doggos) and I fell hard for her. I texted my husband pictures and he asked "what are you trying to do to me?" 😂 She was 11 years old and had some thin spots in her coat, they said from a bad reaction to fleas, she had been there for over 6 weeks, and when we met her she was having some GI issues. After we left I couldn't get her outta my head, but my husband wasn't 100% sold on an older dog, he wasn't ready to experience another doggy loss, so we went back and had her meet the kids (all 3, my youngest is just 6 and she can be a lot for some animals) and my husband, she was amazing with them, even the 6 year old who was giving this poor dog hugs and making the worker there nervous, but she just took advantage of the situation to lick my kid. We introduced our other dog the next day and 2 days later we brought her home (it was right before we were going out of town for an overnight so we waited till we were back so as to not leave her alone in a new house). When we adopted her they told us that she had been there 2 other times prior, in 2008 and 2009, when she was young, picked up as a stray but this time she had been surrendered by her owners, they said they couldn't afford her anymore. She is about 12 now, her coat is fully filled back in (and now she's shedding like crazy), surprisingly energetic for her old age, and she is an amazing family dog, she does have some teeth issues because of her age and previous care. She sleeps in my older kids' room every night. It is hard knowing that we will have limited time with her, and her loss will be super hard on us all, but we couldn't leave her there in the shelter in her old age, we get to enjoy her for as long as we get and she has the security of knowing she'll never see another shelter.
\*goes and pets dog after watching this video"
old dogs have a special place in my heart. Thankful for people like you who adopt the older dudes.
Omg I have so many nose kisses to spare for that handsome boyo😍
He loves you already
Thank you, for adopting this  sweetie. Now loving days for him before crossing over the rainbow 🌈 bridge 🥰
Please may we have more videos of this good boy?
Someone tell me he has a name like Charlie or buck
You and your wife are amazing. You’ll probably not see this comment, but thank you for saving this beautiful soul.
That is the look of a dog that finally feels safe and loved
aaaahhhh dem scritches. more please. <3
Thank you for giving him a happy rest of his life!!!
Many years ago I used to work for the Scottish Society for Prevention if Cruelty to Animals (SSPCA) when I was 15 and it was probably the best years I've worked in a work place, love animals so it was the perfect place for me.

Animals were well cared for, best part of the job was to re-home all of the lovely animals, I was put into the Dog Section most of the time so I got used to so many dogs & their personalities, I have a few stories about some dogs but would be too long!

You have no idea the amount of people back then who wanted to adopt puppies or just younger dogs around 1 to 5 years old, I genuinely felt sorry for the older dogs who were always put up the back out of the road so I always gave them more attention than I usually would, some of them just melt your heart with their eyes, can tell there's a story hidden in those eyes, the amount of years it's went through!

There was one dog I still remember to this day, he was half blind and he was in a separate part of a building just across from where most of the adopted dogs were put in the kennels, he was pacing up & down, all be it very slowly, I asked one of my colleagues about him and apparently he has been in the Kennels for so long no one wanted to adopt him, he was going to be transferred to another centre to see if he can be adopted there.

If I remember correctly he was a Malshi Breed (Yes I had to look this up!) And he was the sweetest little dog, went into his pen and just gave him as much affection as I could, just laid beside me poor boy, I forgot to mention he was 16 years old, lived a good life!

Ever since that day I have more love for older dogs than I used to before I worked with the SSPCA, so seeing these posts brings a smile to my face!

I know the reasons why most people don't adopt older dogs is because of, well, their age being a factor and they don't have much years left, could be older dogs who need more attention i.e health issues, but think of it this way, would you want to spend the rest of your retirement years in a kennel with dogs barking all day in a dreary kennel? 

Treasure the time you have with him OP, I guarantee you he will give you as much love those old bones can give, also give tons of hugs from all of us!
Those eyes are filled to the brim with love.
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Aw he’s beautiful
He says I felt bad for so long and that feels so good !!
Thank you for adopting an older dog! I love this! He is so beautiful 😍😍
❤️
How old is sweet?
🙏❤️💐
Im crying
Thank you for adopting this sweet dog. We adopted our rescue when he was about two. He'd been a stray found with a compound fracture in one leg. Leg was amputated. We've had that dog for 15 years now and he's brought us so much joy. Never knew he was missing a leg. Now we have to take him to the park in a dog stroller and he can't walk very far, he's mostly blind, has lost more than 20 teeth, but he still loves to sniff around and feel the breeze riffling through his fur. He still enjoys being petted, loved, fussed over and spoiled as he has been every day since we got him. One day soon he will wake up to his last morning and our hearts will be shattered.
I love him so much! 🥺
That's fantastic! I always love seeing people adopt old dogs, old dogs are always the sweetest!
How do I know which older dog to adopt? I’d just have to say “bring me the longest resident!”
Well invite him on the couch already
Well done hes adorable 🐕🐕🐕
Oh my godddd. My hearttttt 🥺❤️.
You are angels
Am here single with no kids
Those eyes 😍🥰
What’s his name???? Labs with white hairs just have such a way to my heart. You can see the love in his eyes
Doing God’s work
Having a good life in his old age wonderful.
Ooooohhhhh my god what a fuckin sweetheart 😭😭😭😭😭😭❤️❤️❤️
He looks so grateful to be with you. Love him well, OP!
Our old lab use to love scratches right on the back where it meets the tail.
he looks at peace 🥺
Senior dogs are my favorite! I’ve adopted many over the years. They are all so special! Congratulations on your new family member!
Lots of boops!!!
Thank you..❤❤❤...love seniors
I hate that I'm crying so hard right now! 😭
He looks like such a sweetheart! What a beautiful dog you guys got.
Aw that looks just like my dog. I couldn't imagine someone giving him up.
You did a great work
He already loves you OP, congrats !
Omg!! He's adorable! Thank u so much for adopting a senior furbaby
That's a win win situation. He is a beauty ❤️
Omg Good For You!!! ♥️♥️♥️♥️ What a sweet old guy!
Whoever said you can't teach an old dog new tricks had never adopted a Labrador. You think lab puppies are affectionate...
Thank you for making his life special ♥️
Great for you guys!
Beautiful big ol' pupper 🧡
Oh my heart. He is so beautiful, thank you so much for rescuing a senior dog. ♥️
You are one of the best kinds of people. This kindness means nothing to us compared to what it means to that dog. No dog deserves to die old and alone.
😍😭
Good on you folks !
What a beautiful new companion.
Aww it’s lovely to see an older dog get adopted most are not because people want puppies glad he gets to live out the rest of his days with great people
Such a lucky boy. Y’all are saints. He will bless your lives and provide endless sweet moments and memories. I’m loving him from TX.
Awesome
Thank you, he seems so sweet.
The love and gratitude 🥰😍😍😍
Awwwwwh give him so head scritches for me
He is so thankful
And I thank you both for this.
Good for you! It’s sometimes hard for older animals to get a new home. He looks like a wonderful boy, and a great family member. And he loves you already!
He seems to be such a sweetheart! Treat him for me :P
I admire people who adopt seniors. Your heart must be made of the toughest muscle ever. Knowing they die soon would give me the highest anxiety. I fall in love with them too easily.
My god. This makes my heart so happy.
Bless you and your new buddy
Black labs are the best! Thank you for loving him!
Yay, Seniors!  Thank you for rescuing, he's adorable.
Doggo so grateful! Lubs given always!
Oh boy! What a sweetheart! Glad he is getting all the loves
God bless you both. What a sweetie.
He looks so happy!!
dont stop, i love you!
A very noble and kind hearted thing to do!
He’s beautiful what a amazing dog with so much love to give he is so sweet love this
Sweet
I love old dogs. Thank you for adopting!
Older puppers are the best man. My 9 year old pittie was the chillest dog ever. We would spend hours laying on the grass in the sunlight together. I miss her so much.
He's such a sweetheart!
He looks so soft and wise.
You rock! Older dogs and black dogs rarely get adopted, they need it most of all.
Lucky you and lucky dog
Such a cool selfless thing to do. The older ones get looked over so much. Lotta love in those handsome eyes
There you go, true love and man and woman’s best friendo. I will never understand people who could have a dog but don’t for some reason. Why not adopt a doggo and learn to love and be loved in K9 style
Love him. Thank you for adopting.
You guys are awesome and he looks so happy
What a sweet boy! And he already loves you. Man, dogs are amazing.
Lucky you.  Did she also adopt the dog?
Such a sweet pup!! Your guys rock. I absolutely love when they get older and they get even sweeter.
awe get down there and love on him.
Seniors are the absolute best! Have fun spoiling your new baby <3
Such a good boy. So happy to have a pack.
That is adorable!
Oh, he's happy.
Vet here: Take him in for a full check-up and I would HIGHLY recommend some wellness blood work, even if he is acting fine. Always good to know where you stand with a newly adopted older dog, and what to monitor for in the future.
That is the look of deep gratitude and devotion.
Doggos are the best thing to happen to humans. Give him the best remaining years of his life.❤
He looks really happy
Please post more of these epic snug sessions 😻
Thank guys for adopting an older dog. Every dog deserves to live its days in a loving home.
Thank you for choosing an older dog - my senior was the best decision that my husband never made.  Miss that girl every day but she taught us so much.  Enjoy that gorgeous  pupper!
I think he likes you
😍😍
Awww looks like my 11 year old man. Bless you for giving him love.
Congratulations on adopting a sweet little guy
Awwww. Everyone wins!
Omg.  Lucky....all of you.  Love him so much.  Congrats
This makes my heart so happy! It's a wonderful thing you did!
I wish I had enough money to adopt a couple older cats. Ya know, as a pet gets older, the more expensive / frequent the vet visits. But I would give them such a good home. It may not be the same as the sweet little old man who used to dote on them, and it might be tough for them to make new friends with my cats, but I would love to love them.

I'm so happy for you and your new baby. It makes my heart smile. :)
You and your wife got a VIP reservation waiting for you in heaven!!
He’s adorable
He’s so beautiful.  Thank you for being angels.
Frosted faces are so loving and deserving of a happy twilight.
Thank you SO much for adopting a senior. My lil senior foster got adopted on Sunday. I miss him so much but I'm so happy he found a great home.
Handsome puppet. Give him some pats for me please.
The best boy.
Awww, he reminds me of of the older black lab my family adopted years ago. What a sweetheart!
Thank you for adopting a senior dog!
Bless you for adopting a senior dog. Thank you for giving him a good life. ❤️
Das a good boii
When I get out of the military I want to get my own place and have an old dog who just wants to chill out.
Look at the adoration in his eyes. My heart.
People don't deserve dogs...I wish they lived a lot longer.
The pure look of live in his eyes!
You are an angel if you adopt an old animal. Looking at the local SPCA here and seeing so many old cats is heartbreaking.
The look in his eyes!!!! My heart breaks. So happy you adopted him. Old boys are still good boys.
My heart! It aches. Stop!
Such a sweetheart. Dogs know when they're with good people.
Thank you!
Aw I have a senior lab too! I’ve had him since he was a pup tho. One of the best breeds, thank you for adopting an older dog! Enjoy that love!!.
Awe, he’s so handsome . What a lucky pup. Thank you for adopting him
you guys are amazing.
Good old grey lab beards are the best
So much love in that look. You guys are awesome
Honest question, I am always worried about adopting a senior dog, coz I know logically it's gonna be painful for me. How do you deal with that?
God bless you
This post made me and my partner so happy 🙂❤️ I hope you get a long and beautiful time together 🥰
You are never going to get anything done again—you’ll just be petting the dog
What a love bug!
I love him!!!! I’ve had two puppies most recently and I’m only adopting older dogs from now on.
Yay for old pups! All they want in food love and sleep
He wants all the scritches. What a good boy!
The look in his eyes, he’s forever grateful that you took him in.
If I ever have the time/space/money, I want to adopt exclusively older dogs and give them a loving home for the rest of their lives. So many  sit in shelters unwanted until they’re put down.
Make the rest of his life as great as he will make yours.
He deserves everything good.
 r/PetTheDamnDog :)

Edit: oh wait someone already put your post there https://reddit.com/r/PetTheDamnDog/comments/jw5kmc/not_mine_but_definitely_belongs_here/
Awww, he looks so sweet. I adopted a senior dog too, he's the best, super chill and loving. Go senior dogs!
Omg his eyes. I love him.
So sweet. So old. So cute
So fucking sweet. Looks like he deserves it
He’s looking at you with such loving eyes.  You and your wife are blessed with a mush!!
Yay!! 
Thank you for adopting a senior!
What a handsome chap! 💖
Sending pets and belly rubs from Las Vegas.
He is so lucky and so are yall!
I request more scritches
I love this.. The fact that people care enough to adopt an older dog but also his face.. he's soooo cute..
He really looks like one of those older distinguished gentleman's..
You guys are amazing 💕
First thing I'm going to do once I get a job is adopt a cutie like him
Thank you for taking these fella in.
Oldies are the goodies. ❤
Awwww what a sweetie, bestest choice
Could you tell him he's the best boy? I'm sure he already knows. But tell him anyway from me ❤
He looks just like my old man! Same white chin, and  getting white between his toes!  

Good on you for giving him the best years of his life!  I’ll never understand why someone would voluntarily give up a pup like this, unless there are some very dire circumstances.

Thank you for loving him! I’ll hug my boy in honor!
You guys will be given a special place in heaven. And the old dude will be waiting for you. Bless you.
Fair play to you both for your act of human kindness.
So nice he will have love for the rest of his life!
I want to know his life story..
Kudos to everyone who adopts older dogs!
I love him.
Congratulations!!!!! My wife and I rescued our [older gentleman](https://imgur.com/a/K8qRSeT) as well about 5 years ago!

Although I wish that we could have had our guy from Day 1, I’m thankful for every single day that we get to make a positive difference in his life. Giving an older dog a second chance at life can really be an incredibly rewarding experience.

I wish you many years of love, laughter and treats together!
Good for you guys!
I'm not sure who's luckier, you guys or him!! Way to go, good on you both for such an act of kindness.
Aw these handsome old guys need all the love before they go! He seems like an absolute sweetheart !
Look at the way he looks at you,  pure love
He is adorable! You and your wife have more spine than I good sir. I know they need love just as much if not more than others, but I can’t bring myself to get attached to something I’ll only be able to love for a little while I’d just be so much sadder
What a sweet dog! I would’ve adopted him as well. ❤️
I love him and I love you guys for taking him in.
He reminds me so much of the dog I had growing up, my reference for good boys. Thank you so much for giving this sweet old man a good life!
Put him on you lap. I know he’s big.
Put him on your lap. Good.
Now put your arms around him.❤️ 
Snug him up. 🥰🥰🥰
What a sweet baby. I'm so glad he found a home!
that old man has a lot of love in his eyes!
I have an old brute i was saying was old 5 years ago! He’s still being an asshole, and has an impressive gray brindle beard atp. Enjoy the old man!
BY THE GODS, LOOK AT THOSE EYES!! THAT IS ABSOLUTELY PRECIOUS!! Seriously though, he looks very happy to finally have a home with people that care about him.
He is a handsome beast
That face! so fucking sweet!
😍😍
So much love in his eyes!
No words but my heart is happy as all get out!
That’s happiness. And I can only see one face. Congrats!
Looks like a very lovable gentle giant
Omg, I love him!
Congratulations on the new addition!  After seven long, dog free years I think we may soon be ready to adopt another now that my children are school age.  Luckily I will be working from home for at least the next six months, so training should be easier than if we were both working outside the home.  I can’t wait and hope I find a doggie as cute and relaxed as your new guy.
Aww. Thanks for giving this sweet boy a place to call home for his golden years.
Adorable old man! My chocolate lab is 8 and is getting a snowy face. She does the same pawing for attention thing. Labs are the best. Thank you for adopting this beautiful boy ❤️
Black labs are the best doggo
This is the best thing I’ve seen all month. Genuinely made me happy.
Oh look at that love! He needed you
So sweet
Love older dogs. They’re all so good.
Dont understand how anyone can give up their Lab!  Glad that you adopted him though.
YAY!!! Thank you for adopting a senior!!
That's a good boy!!! ❤❤❤
Looks like a happy sweet pooch. Congratulations and thank you for giving him a good life!
Nose is so boopable
I have the German Shepard model. He's been my best friend for 13 years. Still going strong. I love him so much
Congratulations you unlocked *the good ol’ bois* achievement. You will be granted eternal love and appreciation from him, and all resident ghost doggies.
What a good boy ☺️ I have a certain respect for people that adopt older animals like this. Enjoy your new friend 🤜🏻🤛🏻
Dogs are great.
I love the thought of older dogs having lots of love toward the end of their life. 😭
The look in his eyes is pure love, I’m going to cry
I love that you adopted him but I hate that he was in a position at his age where he had to be adopted.
OMG! this is my Harley. 

We got him when he only had a couple years left on the odometer but he was the best first dog a person could have.  He lived his entire life in the city, we lived on an orchard. The moment he got out of the truck when he came to his forever home and saw all the fall apples on the ground was priceless. The look was, Ball! Balls! everywahere! (looks at me) this is heaven right?
I love you and your wife for adopting him.
Good on you both for being good people.
Yay! You guys are awesome! I love seeing senior animals get a second chance at a good life.  They so deserve it.
You and your wife are wonderful human beings!!!  You can see the love and gratitude in the puppo’s eyes. ❤️❤️❤️
I don’t even know you but I love you for this and I’m now crying...
My heart just melted 😭💕
Bless you both. Thank you so much for giving kindness and a home to that old dude.
This boy is just so dear. I’ve been wanting to adopt a senior dog for awhile too. I’m so glad this one has a home with you! What a love.
Congratulations!
You're his new pack and it's obvious he loves you. Well done.
Beautiful and adorable ❤️
What a sweet wonderful doggy. LOVE.
Good boi love nose scratches
Aww
He is not really old. My lab mix was 20yrs when she past away last year...never had any health problems until her heart gave out. I miss her everyday. Thank you for adopting, he is a really really loving soul, he is lucky, you are lucky!! Congradulations!!
Old dogs need love too!
You are such a good human
Thank you. We adopted a senior dog too. She had an awful life before us. We want to make sure she feels loved properly before her time is up. More people should consider a senior dog they are amazing !
OMG he loves y'all!!!
You are the best human. You deserve that good boy
You’re so lucky! He’s perfect 🤍
I love him. I love him so much.
Doesn't matter the age, they're always sweet pups!
I love that dog.  What a sweetie.
Now I want to start adopting old dogs so they can live happy lives.
I love the old guys! You guts are so lucky, as us he - he'll have great last years - as he should.
Bless you both.
Senior pups rule!!!
Aww that look in his eyes.. so sweet
What a BEAUTIFUL boy. 

Dogs are just so precious. Wish I could give him a butt scratch.
Idk why but the title made me think it was gonna be some old man xD
Sooo cute
There's a special place in dog heaven reserved for people who adopt elder dogs.
He's adorable 🥺
That old boy is so happy.
Does his name happen to be Bruce?
Happy old puppy 😁❤️
His whiskers could be white from age or cocaine. We don't know his story
How do people who adopt older dogs deal with the fact that theyll only get a few years out of them? I would get so attached and upset.
Good job dude
Awwwwwwww
Sooo sweet 🤗
my wife and i are making a 1900 mile round trip Fri/Sat to pick up our tri-pawd rescue! So excited.
Just wanted to say... Your awesome...
He must've had a good life before too because how well he is responding to you. Not a lot of people adopt grown up dogs, props to you. :D
So wholesome, thank you for adopting the more experienced pups
Our senior adopted dog passed away last week. She was with us eleven years. Regardless of the time they have left, please adopt older dogs ❤️

Edit: wanted to clarify, she was an old lady when we adopted her.
Thank God for people like you. That baby dog will be warm this winter and have food and water and lots of lovin' thanks to you two.  And you will get a million thank you's from those beautiful big eyes, and wagging tail.  And when they both start to weaken and you know his time is near that baby dog will let you know he still thanks you and loves you if nothing more than lickin your hand.  Please kiss his head for all of us would you?  And ty again.
Please don't give up on him. Great job, guys.
God bless yall even though yall bless old dude
The goodest of the good bois
Give that baby treat for me 🥰🥰🥰
We lost our 13 year old black lab back in January. They’re such great dogs. Ours watched over our son & was so gentle with him from newborn - to crawling - to walking - to trying to ride him. We miss him(dog not kid lol) so much. They’re family. Enjoy every minute.
I live with two little high-strung canines and I miss labs more than anything.
What a sweet old man. Tired of everyone’s bullshit and just wants to lie around being loved.
Bless you and your new baby.
I’ve only had the chance to adopt a senior dog once so far. He was my best friend, and the first animal I ever got cremated when they passed.
Give the old souls a chance in your life!
You've got a serious friendship brewing my dude.
I love this so hard. He is so handsome and sweet. We currently have 2 senior dogs. They're not doing well but I would have more if I could. They deserve quality in their twilight years.
Oh I love him. I cannot wait until I’m in a position (financially and with my own place) that I’ll be able to adopt older dogs and take care of them in their later years.
More Sir, please! So sweet
He is perfect.
You're wife is a beautiful person. What an amazing life she impacted :)
You please be very nice to this good boy!
I was going to say God bless you guys, but it seems you already have been. Good on you two.
Aw bless both of your souls. He’s is adorable. He seems so happy and comfortable with you.
my heart strings 😭❤️
Ohhhh my godddd
Oh this is just so sweet! I lost my elderly dog earlier this year, he was my perfect boy. Lately I've been looking at dogs to adopt thinking I'm ready for another dog, turns out I'm still unsure if I am actually ready. I do know though when the time is right I want to adopt a senior pup and give them a loving forever home they deserve. You guys are awesome people!
Bless you for adopting that bundle of love.  Such a kind thing to do.
My black Lab died at 12. Totally broke my heart. She was the best dog ever. Just can't bring myself to go through that again.
Thank you so much for adopting that sweet old friend.  You and your wife are good people.
Do you know what breed he is? I love him 🥺🥺
He looks so happy 🥰
That was beautiful.
What's crazy is the dog is this affectionate when being adopted. 

OP, wait until the dog gets comfortable around you guys. You guys are in for a treat. 😇
What a sweet dog. Take care of the old man he definitely loves you. Thank you for adopting an older doggie.
Good on you for adopting an older dog. They're as deserving of a good home as young puppies
Lovely ole boy, give him all the skritches he wants
Thank you thank you thank you for being the kind of people to do this ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️so much love and respect. He’s awesome
So awesome! Thank you both for being so rad.
Fukkk those eyes are killing me actually
Blessed human.. what a gift to this sweetie
Let him on the couch he has earned it
My heart is so full of happiness for him and for you!
Thank you for giving a senior a new life!
That’s wonderful. I am so glad for both of you. ❤️❤️
Labradors are the best companions.
He looks my my black lab cane that passed away 4/7/19 of cancer at 9 years, 2 months and 2 days old.  He was the best doggy ever and I miss him everyday. Take care of him. Their love is eternal and they will give you the best days of your life. Cherish them.
The immense relief, love and gratitude in those beautiful eyes is literally making me sob right now.  He knows he is safe and at home now.

Thank you so much for adopting this lovely old man and giving him a home.  You are good people.
Happy boi
You can hear him saying "where have you been my entiree lifeee"
What a sweet heart. And the doggo is pretty sweet too
Thank you.  I love him too
that face! 😀
I'm glad he got a home. Older animals need homes too, it's not just puppies and kittens at a shelter or in need of rehoming. Not that there's anything wrong with adopting either, they're all in need of a home. I recently adopted a three year old cat, and I have my doubts she would have been adopted if she had gone to a shelter. This also makes me think of my dogs Lily and Bayou, two dogs that I raised myself and saw grow old, and sadly had to have put down this year. But just because they're older doesn't mean they don't deserve just as much love. Your time with them will be shorter, but you'll make their later years happy.
thank you ❤️
Such a happy boy. My white lab paws just like that and it always brightens my day.
My heart
Cute!!
That melted my disgusting heart. Thank you.
He's so beautiful!
He lost them, remembers them...his family... But there is still happiness to be had, always new people to meet to make his family bigger.
We adopted a senior two years ago. He fills my heart with joy every day. He'd been chained up most of his life, barely any teeth from chewing on the chain. Now he is warm, has two female dog friends and a family that gives him love, scruffles and scritches. I will never have had him long enough, but I hope that for the time we've had him it's made up for the crappy first 9 years of his life 💚
What breed of dog is that? I have a Great Dane that I adopted 4 months ago that looks exactly like that. He’s also an oldie but acts like a puppy
Nice
😍😍
Welcome to adoptive dog parenthood my friend (not like adopting a puppy from a breeder adopting, thats purchase) . My rescue beagle saved my life.
Does anyone know of a subreddit of just giving pets scritches, belly rubs, etc? ASMR style or something?
Aww look he adores you!
Good on you. He clearly has a great deal of love to give.
He’s a happy one!  We adopted a Rottweiler at 9 years old. He lasted till just a few weeks shy of 16. He was an incredible dog and we were so lucky to have him. He even stayed highly active (long hikes and a massive love of swimming) till around 14 years.
That's how my pup looked when I had to put him down. He was 16.
Thank you from the bottom of my heart. He’s a handsome fellow.
Damn those brown soulful eyes. If I had those eyes pretty sure I would be a ladies man.
You are blessed. enjoy
Look at how much he appreciates you
I love you guys thsts amazing
My girlfriend and I started fostering and adopting old dogs this year.   It's something that was always on my mind to do but then woman with a big heart and big vision moved to the area and started a old dog non-profit - I knew it was time and I've been involved since the beginning.  It's the most rewarding and difficult thing we've ever done.   

You're giving this guy the most wonderful gift and he's very obviously appreciative.    There's parts of it that aren't easy of course, but, old dogs are actually pretty easy most of the time - give them a little attention and a safe place to sleep and you've already made a world of difference.
He looks grateful.
Beautiful
Looks just like how my family dog does. Older dogs really appreciate affection and it’s so sweet to see. I’m so happy for this doggie
He knows he's a lucky dog! Congratulations!
Happy times
Looks like my coonhound. He loves having his eyes and face scratched too.
That sweet wholesome exchange of oxytocin
All three of your lives are going to be so much better.  Congratulations on your decision to adopt this great dog.
What sorry person would get rid of an old dog? Thanks for being a good human. The old timers say that knot on the top middle of a lab’s head signifies intelligence. The smartest labs i have ever owned have had large knots. Your old dude looks very intelligent and kind!
Such a good boi
I’ll trade my biting asshole puppy for your sweet gentleman - ps: this is a joke I love my puppy but he IS an asshole
I'm gonna put this out there and maybe someone can help: what's the trick to clipping an anxious dogs toenails when they're black like this?

Our dog is a sweet girl who HATES when I even look at her nails. I pretty much need to distract her with peanut butter while my wife holds her down to trim them. 😭😭😭
There's a special place in heaven for people who adopt older dogs. 
And if that's not your thing, then there's also a special place in my imaginary free cupcake store for people who adopt older dogs.
Ugh I love all doggies ❤️
Grandpa's boy
He looks like my old boi mine is a lab mixed with a husky
Oh geezh somebody hand me a tissue.
Senior pets adoptions are the best.
So sweet
Thank you for adopting - especially adopting a senior pup! He looks like he hit the jackpot. Congrats on your new furry family member!
He's adorable.
yes! Just yes! So adorable
This pooch *needs* attention. All of the attention.
WOOOOOOOOO YEAAAHHHHHHHHHH
Lucky you , the dude adopted you ❤️
Yay thanks for giving this old man a loving home :D
Such a good boy 😊
This warms my heart so much, I hope he brings nothing but joy!
i love him and he loves you!!!!
aww, he makes my heart feel happy!
thanks for making world a little bit better.
Congratulations on one of the best decisions of your life! Show him good life and he will return the favor!
Give him all the pets!
I love this so much. I think people who adopt elderly dogs & cats are heroes. That way they don’t have to spend their last days in a shelter<3
Thank you very much for giving him a home. 👍
I’m crying this is so precious 😭
Nothing sweeter than a high-miles dog. He has that dignified, George-Clooney, salt-n-pepper face that drives the ladies wild. (and me.)
Good boy
I love hiiim
Good on you! Old Labs are the best!
Lucky dog.
Old dogs need love too👏🏼🙏🏼
so cuteeeeeee
adorable dog :)
I just saw my dogs five minutes ago. Now it'll be zero minutes, shortly.

Thank you for adopting the old guy, you da real heroes.
You 2 are good ppl I love story’s like this. I’m sure you guys will give him a really good life.
He looks to be about the same age as my black lab/boxer mix. Probably the sweetest pup just like mine.

FYI black labs (I've owned a few) will be rambunctious and hyper and destructive when they are young. 

But they are INCREDIBLY loyal, and loving, and personable. And that all.just grows with age. Around age 5-6 they start to chill out. Around age 7/8 they pretty much just want to snuggle and nap
Omggg I used to have a black lab. They are the absolute sweetest senior dogs! Congrats on your new admirer 😊
What a cool guy. You both got lucky
It takes a very special kind of person to adopt senior dogs.  I lost my 10 year old boxer recently during this covid lockdown unexpectedly and it was like losing my daughter.  They wouldn't' even let me go into the emergency room with her due to covid.  I had to sit out in the parking lot in my truck while she died.   It crushed me and to this day whenever I come across any dog where I get a chance to pet them I have to hold back tears because it makes me think of her.  I simply can't imagine going through that over and over again by adopting senior dogs.  My friends and family keep saying I should get another dog, but I just can't imagine going through that again.  If you specifically adopt senior dogs, you are my honest to God hero.
He looks like such a sweetie 🥰
You and your wife just have his life expectancy a boost! Yes to grand dogs!
Good boy
He looks so thankful. He is a good boy and you guys are awesome for adopting him.
Is your u/ bassDad. Or bassDad?
Thank you for adopting an adult/senior pup. When I adopted the doggo I’ve got now he was just shy of 7, he’s going on 10 now and he’s the most loving pet I’ve ever had the joy of being with. They just need a loving home like all the others.
God bless you!
Well this is just utterly adorable. Bless. <3
Adopted senior dogs are the sweetest most loyal beings I have known. <3 They truly are experts at this thing we call love. :)
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
What's his name?
Senior dogs are the best! Normally house trained, vaccinated, and pre-loaded with kisses and a thirst for a good nap. I highly recommend one if you're considering adopting.
:) <3
Thanks for posting. I just lost a sweet old dude
This is too much! His little paw ‘more pats please!’. So sweet, as are you for adopting a older pup you might not have for as long as a new puppy. I know how much love they give, but it’s still a selfless thing for you to do.
What man has a stories to tell. What are his stories?
😭❤️
Senior dogs are often free to adopt. Ours was.
He’s lucky to have you!
I’ve fallen in love with so many older dogs at the shelter I volunteer at. They got adopted before I could bring them home- I had a baby the last one too
Who the hell is cutting onions?
Now this, is an epic poggers moment.
That’s a good boy right there. ❤️❤️❤️
He looks so happy!
This is making me cry. My sweet baby was an older black lab, and looked a lot like this baby. She even would do the paw thing to get more pets. I miss my big baby girl. Older dogs are the sweetest and deserve every bit of love
Ohhhhh!!❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
So fucking adorable

Also, props to you and wifey, takes special people to adopt an old dog. I know I couldn't, I'd get attached immediately and then be wrecked for years after they pass away.
That’s a good boy right there. ❤️❤️❤️
Congratulations!
Oh my God you can literally see the love and gratitude in his eyes. He loves you to pieces and he is so thankful
God bless you, adopting older dogs is an awesome thing to do.
Awww this melts my heart 😍😍😍
So much love and appreciation in those eyes. Good on you guys for adopting that handsome boy.
Give him all the loves in the universe!
You are sweet sweet souls for giving him a loving home late in life.
Awesome!!  I love you guys for adopting a senior dog!!!
Omg...the look in his eyes is gonna make me cry!

"Is this hooman really just gonna let me stay AND give me pets whenever I want? I love it here..."
You are wonderful people!
❤🐕
Yall are the best
Took me more time than I'd like to admit to figure out that armrest wasn't a knee.
What a dapper old gentleman.
Aww. Looks just like my old girl 😍
Such a kind old man!!
Aww looks a little bit like my chocolate lab who just died a few months ago. Little grey chin beard and all. RIP Einstein
Cute
WHOLESOME 💛💛💛
What a precious!!!!! 😍😍😍
I love him.
Old dogs always make me cry.
That big lover boy lol makes my heart so happy to see older dogs getting good homes like this! Thank you for being awesome!
He be like: ***henlo frend***
Please give him all the skritches and love.
This is beautiful, thank you king
AWESOME, you are good people. He looks so happy, thank you!
Give that old timer all the love he needs ❤️
I bet he’s so happy to be able to spend the last years of his life surrounded by love. I couldn’t think of anything better. You’re so awesome for this.
LOVE IT. It breaks my heart to see older dogs owners have given up when it gets difficult. We have two dogs now but fully intend on taking in some older pups down the line when our kids are older. They deserve love and a good life, especially in their later years.
I love old dogs 💖 so precious
We lost both of our black lab rescues this year to old age. You have no idea how much it warms my heart to see this old guy so happy to be receiving some love.
I have one that looks just like him. Unfortunately, we’re not able to be as close to him as before (he was the sweetest, he would sleep in our beds and follow us everywhere in the house). However, he displayed aggressive behavior and attacked my grandpa, nearly killing him (he was fighting our other dog and grandpa tried to intervene to defend the dog). He was the best of companions and I cherish every time spent together, though not the same as before.
What breed is he?
Those eyes. The way they gaze lovingly into your soul. Cherish it.

 We just lost our black lab right before Covid exploded. Still think about her every day.
Awwww labs are so sweet.  Get a dummy and see if he will retrieve it!  They usually are white and hunters use them.
Senior dogs are the best.
Now he will have his golden retirement years!
A happy ending to his life, thank you for adopting him
If you ever get your hand tired from petting him , I'll kindly go and continue petting that good ol' boy :)
He's a good boy🥰
He’s so damn cute, those eyes are full of love
You are all lucky xx
We adopted two seniors dogs, they’re the best. They’ll be 13 and 14 here at the beginning of next year.
Thank you for adopting a senior dog!  I wish more would
Should be law that everyone adopt a dog lol.
We are on our second senior adoption. My husband who is “not a dog person” loves these seniors with all his heart. Our guy now is paralyzed from the back hips down. He requires a lot of care and has accidents in the house. But we love him unconditionally.
Thank you so much for adopting an older animal!
I once adopted a very old dog (16) my neighbor did not want because she had incontinence   . She was the sweetest little dog, never barked, never got in trouble. Yeah she peed my whole house (it was a lot of work). But she loved me so much, and when i put her down it broke my heart so much. I cried for days. Miss you Lucky😢
Old dogs are the freakin' best!

We adopted a puppy last year, and now we have a 1 year old pup and a 7 year old pup...and the 1 year old makes me *really* appreciate the 7 year old lol
Look at the baby!!!!
Don’t try teaching him any new tricks.
Awwwww! Heroes!
Thank you. 😊
Thank you for adopting an oldie! Always warms my heart.
Please give him a kiss from me 😘
Oh he is sweet. Senior dogs are so amazing ❤️
He says more snout scratch please.
You and your wife are such good souls, and may you all cherish every day you get to nuzzle that sweet pupper. Thank you for bringing him home 💜
Xoxoxo! Thank you!!!! #adoptasenior the best!
omg Duke..is that you?

&#x200B;

That looks exactly like my old boy Duke who passed away last december
You guys Rock🤘🤘. Need more people like you in this world. Old Dogs need loving too.
❤️❤️❤️
I love him so much, and I may love you and your wife even more.
My hart!! 😩

Adopt don’t shop people

There’s a lot of old pups that need love and are a better fit to many not wanting to potty and puppy training and a great option for children as many pups are surrendered after Christmas time due to the kids being put off by all the work puppies require after the initial puppy fever wears off vs getting an older pup
The kindness in his eyes 🥺 I volunteered for a senior dog shelter for a while and seniors are so often overlooked! Love to see seniors given a second chance.
Sending you a virtual hug for being awesome people!
Soooo cute 🥰❣️
Awesome 
My lab turns 13 in a week
They look a lot alike
SO CUUUUTE!!!!
That’s a puppy
Awwww give him so many treats he looks like a good boi
