I remember a video maybe a year or so ago, I thought it was the same video but more complete/different angle. This really did make me smile. 

I took a deeper look into these and it turns out work Elephants stepping on land Mines is a thing in SE Asia. 

Fucking tragedy. 

However.. in Cambodia/ Thailand/ Vietnam, Villages and small towns do whatever possible to save these amazing creatures. And there are reputable sanctuaries devoted to exactly this and retiring work Elephants.

I wish I could give a source or even a direct organization, but take a look.
Is this Mosha? My four-years old learns about him in kindergarden. In the class, they have a Mosha teddy ~~bear~~ with a leg missing and each day a child is responsible to take care of him. Every other week, the teacher changes the doll for a bigger one, so children can see him grow despite his handicap.

Edit: sorry for my English.
[Mosha, the elephant who survived a landmine](https://youtu.be/Yyp4alF7iL0)

**Edit:** My Most upvoted comment of all time is a heartwarming story about our humanity and an elephant’s resiliency and love. Neat! 

I was sure it would be about some random, meaningless, slightly embarrassing comment That involved at least one bodily fluid and some kind of public nudity that pops out of nowhere, Like I see from others so often.
I love how the talc just "steams" out like it's a mechanical marvel
Elephant are incredibly intelligent. So patient and know exactly whats happening
You know you're BadAss when you gotta ratchet-strap your leg on !
damn this leg has to be fucking strong
New leg who dis
monster condom for his magnum leg stump
C Y B E R P U N K  2 0 7 7
We can rebuild him. Bigger. Stronger. We have the technology.
Imagine having a job where you all day long could help animals. Now that’s a dream job!
Now can someone get it a pirate hat?
Such a good elephant with such a good bro.
I believe he is happy inside
Holy..  Cant imagine how much pain that was having that massive leg slashed/crushed or whatever it gone through
Ong bak at it again!!!
Its really heart warming to see things like these happen around the world
for a moment i thought that was his dick
Yo i thought he was putting on a condom lol
I'm not gonna lie I thought he was putting on a giant condom.
Planet terror 2: machine gun elephant
I thought he was giving the Elephant a condom at first xD
That's fucking awesome.
I bet it made the most satisfying "sloooorp" sound as it slipped into the prosthetic.
[deleted]
That's a huge condom
Who else though that was a live moby huge
Thought it was a condom
Why did I first think he was putting on a condom for the elephant
Bring a whole new meaning to the phrase leg day
u/savevideo
Does anyone know why it has a chain around its neck and the name of this place??? Doing some research before I go to South East Asia (after Covid fucks off)
Admit.  For a brief second you thought this guy was sheathing a massive elephant dong with a huge condom.
At first I thought the title was a joke and that was a penis. Now my heart is all happy.  Because of the elephant getting a new leg not because I thought I saw a gigantic penis. Definitely not that.
That was beautiful
this is so beautiful
It’s very touching!
Good bro.
I want an elephant pal.
☢ Cocainum! ☢
i genuinely thaught that was a gigant condom
😭 that is so beautiful.
Coolest thing I’ve seen in a long time!
This elephant is the first to have a prosthetic I do believe from what I have heard and they lost their leg to a landmine. Please correct me if this is false
That made me sad first but then, delighted :)
Cyborg elephant
That make me sad and happy at the same time.
I'm not crying, you're crying
Aaahhwww hihii I loove thisss
Ngl I thought it was his massive schlong
u/SaveVideo
Ngl at first i thought they were putting a condom on it
[Relevant](https://imgur.com/gallery/KHTAUBW). I'm sorry
I went to high school with Derrick Campana who may have made this prosthetic.  Amazing guy, you can see more in his show Wizard Of Paws.  Here's a link to the elephant prosthetic video. http://www.withelephants.org/jabu-the-elephant/tag/derrick+campana
It's amazing that you can see how much they "get" it. Many dogs who get new legs just get all excited but you can tell they have no idea what's going on. This elephant was like "oh yeah let's try that!"
I did not think that was a leg when the video started...
God Bless these people. This world still has some good to it after all.
Hope that doesn't rust and break when in use
The amount of intelligence and understanding that the elephant shows in this video is amazing. The way it steps into the prosthetic at the end...
Lt. Dan! You got new legs!
My god elephants are big
Elephant: FUCK YOU POACHERS, LETS SEE YOU MAKE A FUCKING COFFEE TABLE OUT OF THIS ONE!!!
[deleted]
Take one more leg and you've got yourself a Tendafoot!
Can someone add that sound effect when Vader gets his helmet placed on for the first time in episode 3? Lol
Who ever made that is very creative... Respect
Cool!
This is the most badass pirate ever.
and I cant even get help with putting on my 4 yo shoes
That's so fucking cool!
I really did think he was putting on a condom for the elephant without thinking WHY he would put on a condom for the elephant
Cyberpunk elephant, now that leg just needs some glass, rgb lights and do make machine sounds, he will be the most awesome elephant in the world.
r/interestingasfuck
Broooo...pirate elephant
Imagine making something so strong it can hold an elephant's weight.
YOU'RE VERY GOOD MAN
😭😭😭😭
Hell yeah!
What happens when the elephant wants to lie down?
Do we really want to set the precedent of cyborg elephants though?
wholesome
Better every loop
Stampy's cousin, Stumpy.
This is so touching. Thanks for sharing it too.
Awwww 🥰 this is so nice to see 🥺☺️Cute!!!
When questioned why you buy baby powder by the barrel.
Cutie
Now if only my emotions could heal like that
Love to see such a kindness towards life <3
Look up how they break wild elephants so that people can ride them. You won’t want to ride them after that either. Not the same with horses.
If you can't find something wonderful in this video, I feel so bad for you.
I love elephants. I love people who treat these beautiful creatures gently and respectfully
It took twenty seven years after Cheers went off the air, but they finally found a use for Norm's bar stool.
Thats actually amazing
Land mines. Pure evil.
I swear elephants can read our minds.
Oh that’s so nice I bet that elephant was so happy to walk better! 😭
I know elephants are really intelligent, but even then, it’s amazing that the elephant seemed to know what he was doing and let him put the leg on
This is really awesome and it brings the good deeds of a human to an animal for help like that 😀
that’s actually amazing that they had the skills to make a prosthetic leg for an elephant🥺
Awww that is so heart warming, now I have seen everything in world
I totally didn't think that was a penis
I’m not crying you are!!
PP
This is great! So nice he got to live a full life instead of being put down, I wonder if these are possible for horses?
I don’t know much about elephants, but is  their ear flapping like something equivalent to tail wagging in dogs?
The wholesome content I needed for the day ☺️
Not gonna lie, didn't read the title and was wondering why this wasn't NSFW lol.  

Totally thought he was putting something else on for a sec.
I am always wondering how the elephant feels? Suddenly it leg gets blown of and they feel pain. For some reason I think that they get used to it instantly like they are not sad or anything but more like: I guess I have 3 legs now. And the same when it gets a new leg, its looks like he is already gotten used to its new leg
I fucking love Elephants. They're like my favorite animal and I don't know why.
That might be one of the coolest things I’ve ever seen
This Elephant is a lefty. See how it's left tusk is ground down?
Do you think he gets elephantom limp?
This is the best thing I have seen today. Thank you for sharing.
Breaks Rule #1, yet here it is
M speechless
That puff of racism powder when he takes his first step, like steam. /r/oddlysatisfying.


EDIT: TALCUM. You know what, I’m leaving it.
At first I thought the zookeeper was putting a giant condom on that elephant’s penis
I thought that was something other than a leg
#happiness noises
Awe poor feller looks depressed as fuck being locked up as well
How amazing is this
Yay :’)
I wonder how long the elephant could wear the fake leg?
What happened with this elephant.?
Elephants are one of my favorite animals! I’m glad people are taking care of these beautiful creatures! 🐘
*Cyberpunk 2077 trailer?*
They should name it Lt. Dan
I didnt think that was a leg at first
She will remember that.
Cyberpunk 2077
We all know what the leg looked like.
I thought it was a dong and she was putting on a condom




edit- kongdom
Anybody who harms elephants can go fuck themselves. Adorable
I have not genuinely smiled for the past, maybe 12 hours. It feels nice to smile man. It feels nice.
Here is a new leg big boi but fuck you the chain stays on your neck!!!!
I thought that it was a condom
This is enough to make a grown man cry
I didn't see the title so I thought it was a condom.
I always find it sad when I see people go through this kind of trouble to help an animal when there are people who need the same kindness and don’t get it.
I thought that was its pp at first
I hope these gentle giants don’t suffer from phantom pain.
The way the powder flew out made it look like Vader putting his helmet back on in Empire.
THIS is what humans should be doing with technology.
THIS IS SO FUCKING CUTE
Wtf ???? No way ... so cool !
Cybertusk 2077
Elephant Dan!
Awwww what happened to the poor elephant
A cyborg elephant
Praise the Omnissiah
AWESOME!!!
Aarrrrr!
I'm not crying onions are.
Happy flappy ears
u/savevideo
u/vredditshare
Satisfying to imagine the stress taken off of his left leg
I THOUGHT THAT WAS AN ELEPHANT CONDOM AT FIRST AND I WAS SO CONFUSED AND SCARED
I don't think this is cute, but is really fucking wholesome
I'm just imagining a pride of lions thinking that they're gonna target the weak one's leg, and trying to bite through solid steel.
This makes me extremely happy. I love that they are able to help the elephant
Yep that was definitely my first thought
Remember, with all the bad shit going on all around you always look for the helpers like Mr Rodgers said. Humans going out of their way to help another species walk like this is a testiment to who we are as a species.

We both blow the legs off elephants with landmines and build them prosthetics.

We rape, but we save.
Best thing I've seen all day 🥺
WOW! That's really cool!
My heart...
Before reading the title I thought she was putting a condom on an elephant
That's incredible. I wonder if they filmed the making of this prosthetic
I’m sad and happy.
u/SaveVideo
I bet that elephant speaks like a Pirate
I should’ve read the title earlier...
No matter how big or old an animal is, in my heart they are still babies worthy of love, adoration, and nurturing.  This one is merely a giant baby.
For a while I thought you were putting a condom on the elephant
Do all elephants in captivity wear chains? I really just know nothing and am wondering why it has a chain
https://m.imgur.com/gallery/KHTAUBW
Elephants are way cuter than they have any right to be lol
Oh bless ❤️
That's r/awwmazing
This is amazing and heartwarming to see
I can't be the only one?
Hehe, a giant condom.
Wow
Ayy that's pretty nice of that guy, props to him for helping the elephant
new leg who dis?
Faith in humanity restored...a little.
I fucking love elephants man, they're the closest thing on earth to gentle giants, plus the fact that they are really smart and can pick up on a lot of human intentions is amazing
This is the sad type of aww
Bless this guy and the people funding this.
u/SaveThisVideo
💗
Sometimes humans are so awesome.
Plot twist, they cut its leg off and make it wear a prosthetic so tourists fall in love with them.
Um,why does it look like a di--.Anyway imma head out.
no doubt blown off by a land mine. humans are the worst.
new arm
I legit thought he was putting a condom on the elephant
Now put a rocket launcher at the end of it, we got a tank ladies and gentleman. 🤩😍
THE BABBBBBBBBBYYYYYYY
This is incredible! And the elephant seems to act like they know this is good for them 🙏
That's awsome to see someone caring for one of God's creatures that way poor elephants get treated the worst but not in this case awsome
Ohhhhh I thought that was his pp at first oops
I thought that was his penis at first
Like wild lover
I love this, maybe partly because elephants are quite smart and you hope that they understand what's been done to help them, but even if not, I love it anyway.
Wow
New legs, he's got new legs.. Elephant Dan
Why didn't I realize this was a leg..
He would be thankful for his whole life dude
Poor guy, at least he has people to take care of him tho
I’m sorry but I thought he was covering the elephants dick
Oooh my god I’m crying and it’s not even 9
My heart melted here🥺
I love that a multi-ton elephant can still be as cute as a kitten small enough to fit in a teacup
Too early for this level of feels. 🥲
for a few seconds i thought he's trying to put on a big condom
I've heard of Steampowered Giraffe but a steam powered elephant?!
Love this
That’s incredible!!
u/savevideo
...and that’s how pirate elephants became a thing.
If this elephant can make it through today - so can we!
This made me happy 😃 I love elephants! I have a soft spot for them and it breaks me heart when I see them hurt so actually seeing people show them respect and help really made my day.
Wow, nothing like a good cry on a Tuesday morning. 🤧
Awwwwwe
When i first saw this i tot it was a massive dong...
I thought they were putting a condom on at first. LMAO
#megacondom!
At first glance I thought I was watching a human wank of an elephants massive hog. Glad to see it's a human helping an elephant walk again.
this is so steampunk its unreal
How about take the chains off too..
0:15 that just looks like anikin Getting New arms and legs
Thought that was an elephant condom
It's so great that they saved this wondrous elephant. 



So many elephants would lose their life in the past is they lost a leg. 


It's a combined effort of everyone to keep changing their legs, especially as they grow bigger and older. 


Blessings to everyone that take care of this precious elephant.
Any1 else thought that was an elephant condom??? 🤔
I love how when it’s going on all the way baby powder comes out the top like compressed air from a machine
You are a good human thank you.
Wow
God: this makes me happy.
I would work a full time job just taking care of this beast.
Just amazing. ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Poor bugger. He/She’s looked after tho.
awesome
So happy they are able to help this elephant!
Humans are the caretakers of the planet

Humans are also the destroyers of the planet 

I can't deal with the contradiction
This is what I want on my feed
I imagined a kind of steam / mechanical sound effect as his leg dropped into place and powder sprayed out of the top. 💥
Nice
Fuck yeah! That's too wonderful
❤️♥️❤️♥️♥️♥️
Totally didn't think that was a massive elephant penis at first.....
Amazing ingenuity.
He'll never forget that
Well, humans are not that bad
Everyone liked that :)
Now that’s nice
New leg, who dis?
Metal as fuck
I can feel this elephants happiness.
Good puppy 😍
Every time I see this video I get teary-eyed! So heartwarming!
Science is fucking amazing.
Flappy ears are happy ears :)
u/savevideo
Steampunk leg
We all thought that was a condom at first right?
I like how the powder made it seem like steam was coming out when they attached it. This is so cool
Whoa, that is an amazing thing to see
I didn't know the leg was missing at first cause of the alignment of the back leg. I thought he was putting a bandage on for something =/
 Imma just grab my stick and walk my blind self outta this post -_-
Ah, yes, bioengineering at its finest!
I’m gonna be totally honest, I thought that was it’s dick at first
Humans sure can be lovely sometimes
Damn elephant prosthetics? That's honestly crazy. It's great to see the technology we adapted for ourselves being used to help other creatures.
I thought I was on a very different subReddit for a moment
Does anybody know if this is uncomfortable for the elephant? It can’t be easy for such a large animal to walk on 3 legs even with a prosthetic.
Sooooo much prantal!
Everyone liked that
Thought it was its penis for a sec
For one second , I thought it was a condom for elephants .
Now get out there and give those tourists a ride
IM NOT CRYING! Someone is cutting garlic next to me
New leg who dis
For a wild second I thought that was it's d*ck, and boy did I felt terrible.
Wholesome
Powder going out like steam, connecting the cyberleg augmentation.
That’s so sickkk
At first, I thought he was putting on a condom!
u/savevideo
Needed that wholesome shit today.
Question: Isn't it risky to have the lower portion of the leg be so...I don't know the word...snaggable?

There are so many gaps that I'd be worried about something catching it and tripping the animal.

I feel the same about human artificial legs that are kind of wire-frame like this.
I think he ~realizes~
Making prosthetics for elephants overseas sounds like a made up flex by your girlfriends ex
Thought he was putting a huge condom on him
Cyberpunk 2077
The plume of chalk at the insertion of the leg really gave the Bionic Elephant vibe
That elephant is my homie
YAY
Magic leg
Fun fact : elephants see us like how we see puppies!
I thought that was his dong
Beautiful
This made my heart so happy 🥺
More of this
:"(
regained a little faith in humanity with this
Cyberphant 2077
Zootenant Dan!
Anyone else hear the theme to Pacific Rim?
The elephant I very smart!
Lol is it just me or did anyone else think he was putting a condom on
My favorite part about this is that elephants are really freaking smart and that elephant probably understands that those little pink things helped it walk and is grateful for the help.
Yep, that’s fucking cool.
The slow lean into the brace, like “Ahhhhhh”.  I could watch this on loop all day.  Humans can be so worthwhile sometimes.
This makes me so happy!
Big upvote for a big cutie
How is it that an elephant can get a prosthetic leg but a horse has to be put down immediately
New leg, who dis?
He seems to have taken it all in stride. Well done!
What a majestic animal. Glad it's getting a second chance with a new leg. Give it all the peanuts it wants.
I thought it was a condom at first because I wasn’t looking well
Yay!
I'd still be worried that's too much weight to put on a stump
Only a matter of time before cyborg elephant
https://i.pinimg.com/236x/a6/d9/eb/a6d9eb1671e3702b11944d1973f95447--thats-hilarious-funny-jokes.jpg
u/savevideo
Lieutenant Dan!!! You got new legs!!!
Wew, that big fella definitely wasn't eligible for a 3D printed prosthetic. That's some seriously heavy duty work there, hats off to the designer and builder.
So much AWWWWWWWWW 🥺❤️❤️❤️❤️
Very grateful to those that assist our animal friends like this.  Many blessings.
Me trying to put a condom on
Kudos to people with disabilities making it this far in their life
🐘
I am just curious if anyone knows if you have to teach the elephant to stand still and put a sock on? I feel like it could be slightly dangerous doing so without training. Thanks
That's pretty cool...

I didn't know they made prosthetics for elephants..
This is the shit I wanna see. Not someone crying about someone not identifying their gender correctly.
I wonder if he forgot what happened to his leg?
Must be replacing the one she lost in Chernobyl
who else thought that leg was a giant elephant dick
u/savevideo
The powder coming out after it fits in reminds me of darth vader lol. Really cool tho,
what happened for it to lose its leg?
Honestly thought it was its giant penis and the guy was putting a condom on
For a second I thought his leg was his penis and I was about to start laughing until I saw the rest of the video  and I was like: Oh
Lieutenant Dumbo, you got new legs!!!
do the ear wiggles mean it’s happy? :)
This just made my day! Ty for helping him!!
If they can fix an elephant’s  amputation, why do they still put down horses for broken legs?
new leg, who dis?
u/SaveVideo
u/SaveVideo
This is awesome.
u/downloadvideo
In the world, there's people. but I haven't seen such amazing people like that.
Cybertrunk 2020
This is so nice. Fun fact but also very sad, elephants “hear” with their feet in a process called seismic communication. They have tons on receptors called pacinian corpuscles in their feet that absorb low frequency vibrations in the ground. This is better than their auditory hearing because low frequency vibrational waves travel farther in ground compared to the ones in air. So whilst this elephant has lost some hearing capability it’s got a nice home with people to care for it and three 1/2 good legs to stand on!
OMG this cutie! I remember watching about this elephant overs decade ago.
Am I the only one who started out thinking he was doing something weird?
I thought that they were putting a condom on the leap hand for a solid 7 seconds.
I really hope the elephant finds it comfy
The leg sliding into the holster was satisfying af
That looks sooo cool, he looks like a grandpa
I'm moved, it's great !
Best video i ever saw on reddit
Why does it have a chain around its neck?
Thats very impressive... I mean it doesn't look like much but I cant imagine how much weight it has to hold.
Love !
r/nextlevel
Magic legs...
Love this
I thought it was a condom-
For a second I thought that was his penis.
Best thing I have ever saw. Thank you for sharing
This almost made me cry!! I love this!
So I work in the prosthetics department of the VA. This is a pretty cool video.
this melted my heart so bad, I couldn't stop my tears..
Thank you !
God forgive me for thinking it was a huge elephant dick the first 3 seconds
I'm sorry but I thought the dude was putting a condom on the elephant.
Anything with elephants always makes me so happy.
mann the old man helped the elephant. howw kind! i am animal lover.
[deleted]
These are the people we need.
Thanks! Checking it out 👍
Why is this oddly satisfying??
u/savevideo
So beautiful to see.
Wow, such amazing
Awh, I’m so glad people care for this beautiful elephant. Wonder what happened. But I’m sure this one feels cared for.
Bless this sweet elephant and all their days
Omggg this is awesome
i thought they puttin on a condom at first
Im crying yall pls send help
Stumpy
Damn, People around many parts of the world need to be educated. The reason is people in india, Thailand, Laos and many south Asian countries use animals like elephants and other "novelty" animals for begging. This should stop as these people don't know how to care for the animals and like the elephant in this clip, they usually lose limbs or even get beaten up badly. The elephant suffers the most even if the person using it doesn't get money. Many NGOs do their best to curb this problem but without educating these people nothing can be done for the welfare of these animals. I hope you guys learnt this so if you're on some trip to India or Thailand make sure to check if the person handling the elephant is genuine as people use these techniques to.give tourists rides as well.
Dude I thought it was an elephant condom
NGL thought it was a cloth condom at first.
I thought they were putting a condom on its dick for a second
I definitely thought they were putting a condom on his love leg. I was thinking damn, elephants have STD’s now too, thanks 2020.
It's suffering and needs to be put down. Sorry but that's my opinion
I'm not going to tell you what I thought was going on at the beginning of this video.
I thought that was something else...oh lord.
I see another thing in the beginning
Can't lie, totally did not think that was it's leg at the beginning of this video
I can't possibly be the only person who thinks a prosthetic leg for an elephant or a pet is a waste of resources when there are people without them, right?

Edit: Argue then. Tell me you genuinely think a dog should get a prosthesis before a person does.
