OMG, this little fella hits me hard. He just wants to play one more time. I’d love to spend some time with him.
I love when they get excited and wanna show you their toys.
Man this made me tear up, little man obviously doesn’t have it easy but you could never tell him, he’s just so happy with life! Dogs are such amazing companions
“I am a little embarrassed because I fell down but i can still take a tiny bite of pool noodle and that is very great! Okay! What’s next!”
:( I have a 13 year old (will be 14 on December 4th) pit bull mix, and he does this. His soul and heart and mind are still so young, but his body is giving up. It’s heart wrenching to see him struggle to keep from falling down, but it keeps my heart full knowing he’s still happy.
PLEASE tell me you have him lots of pets
Dogs, masters of living in the moment.
“Cmon mister! Play with me! Check it out I got this ball! *hunghhhh* ok maybe later... look at this cool ball! *oof!* maybe later.. but look, I got this sweet chew toy *nngarrgg* whoa little dizzy maybe later...”
Older gentleman...
☺️
Life’s biggest fuck you is a dogs life span. :’(
It looks like this dog might have the beginnings of degenerative myelopathy.  The way his back legs aren't very strong or coordinated.  My dog BJ had this disease and it got to the point where he could barely walk.  Sad to watch him just wither away but he was still trying to play a bit a couple of days before he died.  It's been a year and a half and I still tear up when I think about him.  Looking at this video brought back memories.
My heart.
His name is Good Boy! He knows that’s his name because those are the words that humans say to him with love in their voices.
Why did you stop recording!?
you made me cry you bastard- had to put down my 15 year old best friend just a few months ago, I forgot how much I missed him
Bless your heart, OP. Maybe his owners can’t play with him that much, and he still has so much energy.
Thank you for this.
You know there’s lots of love when their whole bodies get into the wiggles
This the saddest aww I ever had.
He is perfection itself and must be protected
Aww, he wants to show you all the cool toys he has T-T he has so many cool toys
Look at these toys
Isn't it neat?
Wouldn't you think my collection's complete?
Wouldn't you think I'm the dog
The dog who has everything?

Look at this trove
Treasures untold
How many wonders can one backyard hold?
Excuse me.
My parents didn't sign my permission slip for this feels trip.
I have to go.
My old Jack Russell is in the same situation. She struggles with stairs (sometimes falling back down), can’t jump on or off things without her legs giving way, and in general is slowly breaking down. She’s almost 15 and I know sometime next year will be her time to cross the rainbow bridge. We normally live in a condo in an urban area but during the pandemic we brought ourselves and her to the mountains of western Maine. She has been able to just “be a dog” for the last 6 months. She goes out to “read the nose news” and can stay out as long as she wants. She can sleep in her crate in the sunshine. I want her to have one last wonderful winter as well. As a young  pup she loved snow—the deeper the better. Her heart is forever young...and now I am going to cry! Oh bother...
Dammit you just made me cry
"HEY HEY HEY! LOOK WHAT I- OOF LOOK WHAT I CAN DO! I CAN STILL PLAY SEE? WANNA PLAY WITH ME?"
If you're interested, you should ask the owners if you can come back some time to spend some time in the yard with the dog. I'm sure all involved would appreciate that, and you may even make some new friends out of the owners.

Personally, I'd love if someone wanted to do that. I wish I had more time and energy to play with my dogs more than I'm currently able to. I'm an at-home dad, so with kids and house duties...if someone else was willing to take up some of that slack, I'd be grateful. If you feel a kind of connection with the dog, there's really no harm in it.
Thank goodness for dogs. This one is so sweet,
I love him.
Love every part of this.
This melted my heart. He was proud to show you all his fun things!
You made his day.
Thats a very good boy!!!!!
HELP HIM GRAB THE BALL
You pet that dog until your arms hurt!
He is a good boye. Respect.
we dont deserve dogs, we really really dont
soo cute!!!!
He is my spirit animal. And you are my sprit pool boy. What a wonderful intersection of things I wish I could do.


Wait.
I am very impressed by him.
I know how he feels. You want to but you just can't quite.
[deleted]
Year ago today I lost my elderly dog to arthritis. She was a pup right to the end wanting to play. Dogs are amazing. I’ve rescued again this year and have a two year old Springer. They make life so much better.
Awewww I love older gentleman doggos. They’re so sweet. Thanks for showing him a good time!
I have a giant old pit / mastiff whose legs are starting to go like this guys. That being said, when he wants to be plays, no matter what! Gotta love dogs.
What a beautiful soul this gentleman has. Such a sweetheart.
Poor pup. He wants to play so badly.
Poor baby -- I love him!!!!
Please pet him and give him some love
Time
He looks like such a cuddler!
“Ayyyyy., pool guy! You see this? This is my ball. You see this other ball? ALSO my ball! You see this other object? Uhhhh, also my ball i think! Whatever, you’re cool pool guy”
“Behold, my stuff”
That's so cute. One time when we had our internet installed my pitty was trying to get him to play with his toy (he loves tug of war) but they guy ignored him because he had to do his job; and Koda decided to do the pitbull head shake thing and smacked the guy in the back with it. I apologized profusely and put koda in the kennel until he was gone, he said he was fine but I'd like to think his next job didnt have a dog try to savagely beat him while he was working and instead did cute stuff like that dog.
Back in my day I’d pop this ball. 

Then I’d pounce on this ball and pop it too. 

 After that I’d do a shakey on this purple guy over here

What I’m saying is these things didn’t mess with me. I was a regular toughy. 

We believe you pup. We believe you.
An older body but his spirit remains that of a puppy. I would sit there and play with him for hours on end
That dog looks like it may have a bad injury on its back left leg. Our staffy hid her CCL tear so well she barely flinched for the vet and still ran around like this while dangling that same leg. He needs vet care.
Awww..oh, baby. Poor sweet baby!
Oooh man this hits me pretty hard. 

My dog wants to play fetch constantly. I was hoping she would chill out as she got older, but maybe I was wrong.
I cleaned pools for several years and the owners dogs/cats were always the best part of my day.  Was sad having to tell some of the dogs goodbye when I left the job.
He wants you to play with him..
Almost certain he has hip dysplasia. If you go back, mention this to the owners. There is a brace they can get that could drastically improve his quality of movement. https://orthodog.com/products/dog-hip-brace/
Reminds me of my mini-schnazeur that's 16. Still quite healthy for his age but he's getting up there.
Aww... I have a 14 year old German Shepherd with lots of hip problems. I can relate... :(
This is the sweetest thing. He just wants to play. Excuse me while I go give my old pup some extra cuddles
Reason #9,986,876,568,890 why old dogs are the best and that as humans we doing deserve dogs at all.
Damn, that's the sweetest enthusiasm. I love him.
He’s very dapper
Did you ask him his name?
He make me happy cry poor amazing old men
My HEART
He made your day, and YOU made his day too ❤️
What a buddy! I love him.
Thank you for playing with him.
Thank you for the share OP! I’ve got an aging pit bull who still thinks she’s a puppy, can’t be anything but happy with her around. We don’t deserve dogs.
My heart! If I were you, I’d have to make up so many excuses to go back more often than needed that they’d question my ability to do the job. What a doggo. 💕
oh god this hit me hard. my good boy is 14 and moves like this, with a bit more slipping and sliding. it’s so incredibly bitter-sweet to see
What a good boy.
bring it home!
Older gentleman 😂
Adorable!!
That is a very good and happy boy
Ugh, this has me crying!! I lost our 11 year young chocolate lab a few years back. I’m still not over my Buttercup.
I want to play with this dog. He is adorable and sweet.
Its hard for me to get the feels, but damn this just hits me hard. A dog has such a short life span and they make the most out of it. Things like this remind me not to take things for granted even though im only 22. Dogs are just amazing creatures I respect them greatly.
Please give him cuddles
It’s so sad & cute at the same time. I found out my meter reader has met my dogs. They have friends outside my circle.
So sweet!  The mind is willing, but... 

Well now I’m bawling over here. Had to put our old pibble down this past May. On our wedding anniversary. 

His right leg would give out like that. At the end we even had to carry him outside to potty. 

He had the biggest heart though! 

Miss you, Rocky!
I have an older (but just as gooder) retriever on my route. Poor guy seems to be an outside dog. The first few times I came to his house, he was super mopey and didn’t really care about anything. I felt bad, so I started bringing him treats. 

Every time he sees my truck now, he comes up to greet me. I’ve started teaching him tricks too. Even on days I don’t have treats, he loves getting his pets and belly rubs. He’s a different dog now. 

All they want is love and affection. Give them that, and their later years will be just dandy for them. :)
My previous dog had wobbly back legs like this.  He was just clumsy for about a year.  Then he started stumbling a lot for another year.  Doctors really couldn’t explain it.  Something neurological.  

He never seemed to be in pain, though, and being floppy and clumsy never really dulled his spirit.  

In the end, cancer got him.  Ate through his shoulder blade. Turned out he had a tumor that might’ve been putting pressure on his spinal cord.  

Anyway, this video gave me some happy memories of my own wobbly boy.
This dog was raised correctly. I bet he's an unmoving rock that provides shelter against the onslaught of storms for the people who take care of him.
Sorta sad
My heart. What a sweet boy.
Awww my fucking heart. As a lucky owner of an old pup myself this tugs at my heart strings.
Behold... My stuff
“Dude! These things are all in my yard and I don’t know what they are and they kinda scare me. I keep trying to fight them so they’ll leave but they just keep sitting there! Also hi I like you you’re my friend now.”
You can see he really wants to play! His mind is definitely younger than his body 🥰
I hope you gave him the pets and played with him, he is so adorable!
“ look, look, these are my toys and I love them”
What spirit they have! How empty life would be w/o them
Old dogs like this one give me quite a strong feeling of sad joy. Still living in the moment, not lost the happiness in play despite his body not being what it was. And not really so long since he was a puppy.
Can you tell him I said he's a good boy and that I love him.
Awww he wants to play but his legs are failing him. 

I’m crying, of course I’m crying, poor baby wants to play! 😭
i love that you called him an older gentleman
Pup is so old he barely run, and still wanna play! GOOD BOI! <3
He good boy
He’s floppy!
Old in body, but young at heart.  Thank you for taking some time to play with him.
Can't get the ball, I'll get this noodle!
Cute dog, just wants to play. ❤️
My parents Shepherd could fetch for an hour straight. She was so powerful, sprinting every time. Now she can only do 3 or 4 throws before she has to lay down, her hips have started to go. And you can tell it's embarrassing and frustrating for her, since she knows what she used to be able to do. So I throw the stick for her while she's laying down, complimenting her for catching it every time. Letting her know that I love her for her attitude and our time together.
The dog reminds me of when I was a kid, showing off my toys to my parents' guests, not minding whether or not they cared/liked the same things that I did, just being excited to see other people. 🥰
That dog looks like he's led a very long and happy life. Warms my heart seeing an old puppo with the pure joy of a newborn pupper
He loves you stopping by and wants you to stay a little longer....
Wow I’m not fucking crying or anything.
Excellent. Age hasn't slowed you down one bit.
You aren’t allowed to play with him, right?
He"# still a strong boy and handsome. He's still got it.
My heart... oh my gosh. Teared up a little.
What a tough guy!
I hope his family treat him well. That boy is pure love and deserves a ton in return. I’m tearing up in bed petting my 13 year old boy.
Our 9-year-old Catahoula, McFly, tore his CCL earlier this year. We had it surgically repaired, even though the surgeon warned us that the leg will almost certainly develop arthritis and the other knee may very well rupture from the strain due to his age. He's still a very young man at heart, but he's slowing down. We lost our 14-year-old lab mix, Blue, almost exactly a year ago, and McFly took that loss very hard. We honestly thought of him as "the puppy" until Blue died. We now see how old he really is. How does it sneak up on us like this?
My heart. My buddy is 15 and there are days he can’t stand unassisted and days he’s bopping around like this. It’s an emotional roller coaster, but he’s worth it.
Dude I work for a pool company as well and experience this EXACT same thing. Hell yeah
So cute when old puppies try and still act like young puppies
 Bullseye!  Bill Sykes dog!
Absolute joy!

Dogs are the best. So much happy.
Awww:( I think his mouth might be hurting. He couldnt seem to pick anything up.
I cried :( the love and energy he has to play but the cruelty that time plays. Hurts so much.
This dog is the embodiment of many of our older senior citizen. The spirit is willing but the flesh is weak. Although, this dog seems to have quite a bit of kick left in him
He has the heart of a puppy! He's killing me! Wish I could hang with him. Makes me a little sad.
They dont even know my name they call me the wanderer,The wanderer, I roam aroun' aroun' around.
🥺💕💕💕
Oh I love him ♥️
I’ll shoooow you THIS BALL! Ok... that’s a little hard to get... THIS ONE... That ones kind of tough, too... How about THIS THING?!
I love him so much.
Love it
Amazing that a few seconds on a camera phone tells so much about the person filming and the spirit that lurks inside this older guy
American Bulldogs are the best
This just crushed me. And he's so happy, but it makes me so sad.

Yes, I do have dogs, obviously. Both are 7 (for sure one is 7; other one probably a few years older, he was an adult rescue when we got him). 

I have another dog that is 13.5 now, and still living with my parents, about 1000 miles away. I will porbably visit the family once more, twice if we're lucky,  before emigrating and I know I'll say goodbye to her then. A gorgeous, whipsmart, loving, mischievous poodle.

 She saved my life in 2007 when we got her. Worst year of my life but she got me through it. Now I feel bad for leaving her when she's in her final years.
Dang those onion cutting ninjas again
Omg his poor little hip
Shit is sad af.
I deliver furniture, last week a woman said to me I cant believe you opened my gate and walked over to knock on my door. she has two pit bulls I was patting both of them. My work mate had got out of the truck and heard this he replied lanixvar pats every dog he see's, the only dog i have seen that didn't love him instantly was a poodle it tried to take his hand off.

I believe there is no such thing as a bad dog only bad owners
This reminds me of my Rottweiler, Ripley. He was happy to his dying day.  


Rest in peace up there in super-heaven, big fella. We had a great 12.5 years together.
I can’t stop crying because in my old girls last few month she didn’t given trying to do things the way she did, and this good boy is doing his best, and still has it, I just love dogs and I can’t watch them get hurt, they are creatures, they have emotions like us, often stronger than our own, please take care of your little buddy, however little or big they are
I would literally ask them if I can come and play with the dog once a week 😅🤣
Look at that big ol head
He looks active and lively, an amazing dog.
I would spend every day playing with this dog for free give me the address my dog loves to play too he would love a gooody good boy like this too
I wish dogs could know how happy they make us
Ah my poor heart.
Such a sweet little dude!
C'mere little fella
He's wonderful!
That dog definitely counting his last few breaths. Pet him if possible 👍
> older gentlemen

who will *always* be a puppy at heart.
Omg when he stumbled the first time I almost cried ugh soooo cute
My dog is nine-ish, a pitbull too, petite size. And I will have to leave her soon. Moving out of the country, I just can’t stay here anymore. Seeing this, it breaks my heart and crying non stop. My god, I leave the house for more than 2 hours and she’s freaking out, and if she’s getting to that old age and I won’t be around her to help her. Yeah this just put me even more depressed
Dog: "Well, hello surhhh! Would you like to play?" Hobbles to the ball, "how about this ball!?" Legs clearly giving out and missing strength to pull it up, "well then, how about THIS ball?" Plops on ground and same thing. "Fun isn't it!? Let's rattle this toy a bit" immediately whiffs on the pickup.  Smiles.
5/7 would definitely pet
This makes me happy and so sad at the same time
I just had to put my dog down three days ago. He was my run a much dog. You take him to the park and he’d immediately book it away and turn around like “Neener neener”. He’d fine away to always escape through the fences. He was a Turd. We adopted him at four from a horribly neglectful situation and he went from not trusting humans to being the sweetest guy in the whole world. He started having trouble with his back legs and then over night he was crying and screaming. We took him to the vet and decided that at fifteen he was ready to go. We brought him home with pain medication and had one last night with him. I pulled him on my bed where he always used to sleep and cuddled him one last time. I cried so much the day before but afterward I felt relief that he wasn’t in pain. Same thing with my dog soul mate Duncan who got diabetes at ten. We had to put him down because he pancreas was shutting down and he was in keto acidosis and I couldn’t watch him in pain. 

Old dogs are truly special. They give us unconditional love and are gone the next day. The least we can do is love them unconditionally too.
Are you watching that reddit video again? 
Why do you keep watching it if you know it's just going to make you cry?

Because everything makes me cry so what's the difference?
I love how hard he is trying to show you he is a tough guy, that's true friendship.
My dog is a 15 years old Yorkshire, has the exact same problem with his Lil legs, they got kind of weak an loose with his age, also has some problems with his throat getting narrow so he coughs a lot and yet, still like to do his little party when we come home, sometimes trying to run and failing miserably, it's kind of cute and sad at the same time, I'll miss my little fella when he's gone...
I clean pools too! my favorite time of the day is seeing all my dog friends.
Once a puppy always a puppy :)
jesus, its 5:40am, i just woke up....this almost made me cry thinking of my old pup playing with her ball...
This is how my baby is right now, she's such a young spirit but her hips and back say otherwise. She's recently lost her ability to run and jump but still "chases" me outside and tries to run and get her ball its so cute but breaks my heart at the same time, she's got a vet appointment next week hoping there is something they can do to help.
This guy is showing off better than any guys from Tindr.
Just another reason why we don’t deserve dogs
Getting old sucks.
Old, big pups are the best. This guy reminds me of my old guy. His back legs are weak now too and he still wants to try to play. All the feels ♥️
Poor sweet lad, seems happy though.
Looks like he’s feelin’ nice on some good pain meds (I hope) which he deserves at that age! Anything to keep them comfortable and happy!
We have located the goodest boy
Oh what a sweetheart!
💖
When he slipped on the ball I felt a little sad for him...
Made my day too...👍
“You get the idea, right?” -dog walkthrough of starter toy set
My dog is almost 12. 

I don't know what I'm going to do. 

The pupper I had before him is still a sore spot on my soul.
Dogs are people too! I like your word choice. 👌🏻
I was a pool guy years ago, the dogs were the best part. I had a famous golfer with 7 German shepards.
Dogs are so special. I'd have to give him a big hug.
He's do happy to have a new friend!
That’s a good snooter 🥰
Look at all my toys! I've got ball, and another ball, and noodle chunks!
It's always so sad when the spirit is willing and the body in unable.
I wish Dogs, and Moms could be immortal. Getting old is sad :(
I love the way he violently jerks his head in order to rip off a tiny chunk of that foam.
Awe!! What a sweet baby thank you for sharing him
Good boi
Maybe you can leave a note on the door just saying like: 

"Hey clients I love your dog so much!!  He's my little buddy.  I really hope you don't mind, but since he is just too adorable to resist, I shared a video clip of him on Reddit (or on unnamed social media website, if you don't want to out your user name) BUT GET THIS Hommies! Because he is so adorable my little Buddy's (your dog's) 27 second video totally blew up!!  

Unfortunately, in the user comments, several people pointed out to me that my little buddy here, (your dog,) may have hip dysplasia.    I know posting the very short, 30 second clip of him and then bringing this to your attention could possibly be a breach of our pool cleaning agreement but I would rather loose my job (please don't get me fired) than to risk that you were unaware.  I just could not ignore my little buddy's (your dog) plight.  Since I am an ultra rad, totally awesome, super human being and pool man extraordinaire, I just wanted leave you this little note, on the offhanded chance that you have been unaware that our little guy is sorta broken and malfunctioning." 

But you know in you own words.
Poor guys, he's got some real bad hips.
Bless you OP
Them damn ninjas are cutting onions
Ouch!.... hurts my heart
awwwwwwwwww - I totally know the feeling!!! The mind is willing but the joints... Oy, the joints!
He is beautiful. He reminds me of the three bears, this ball is too big, this ball is too small, looks like he could not find the right size.
Awww the baby needs some joint and hip supplements.
Is good dog. Needs alll skritches
This is so sweet! He wanted to show you all his toys
Please can you give us updates when you see him next.
He the toughest guy ever!!
I clean pools as well and peoples dogs are the best part of the job. I have a few that will let the dogs out the day they know I’ll be there and will be waiting at the gate. Such a good feeling to show up to a happy pupper.
I LOVE HIM. GIVE HIM ALL THE TOYS AND SKRITCHES HE WANTS!
He was trying to bring the human the best available toy  suitable for both of their moods 😭
Fucking dogs.
THIS HIT ME LIKE A GUT PUNCH. I can feel it still. I’m so sad now, Reddit. You can’t do this to me on the happy subs. Trust very violated. 


My dog is 9.
He’s the goodest boy!!
Reminds me of my dog that passed away last year. Was so adorable and pathetic on his way out ❤️
Omg my heart
That’s really precious, thanks for sharing
My pittie was such a good boy. Even if he didn’t feel good he would always bring me a toy when I got home and was always so happy to see me. I miss him so much. They are truly such loving dogs and so loyal. He was my best friend.
Lol, Pit Bulls are gods gift to humanity. I love those goofy babies. Mine had cancer and was still goofy up until the day we had to put him to sleep.
Tell him he's tough and scary and super-athletic! And also keep telling him he's a good boy, 'cause he is! He looks so proud to be showing off to you like that.
He failed all three activities but he sure is trying
My parents had to put my older dog this year. But when she was feeling young she played like this. Dogs rule
Aww this is just like my 15 yr old little girl. Still gets the zoomies esp if she has an audience. Such a ham!
Awwwwww❤️
What a gentleman indeed! Perfect description
This hits hard.  My biggest relief with my recently passed doggo was that even though the body was tired, she still enjoyed all the good things.

Very clearly this guy does too!  Hope he has many many good days left!
My 12 year old pit bull has degenerative myelopathy. This pupper reminds me of her a lot. She’s always flopping around and walks like a drunken sailor but she is always so happy and acts like nothing is wrong. Even when she is falling over. She never gives up. I always say “Can’t Nobody Hold Me Down” is her theme song. Dogs are amazing. Especially pitties.
What a good boy.  ❤️
Someone get this dog a tennis ball he can play with or some real dog toys :(

Edit: Downvoting my own comment lol I'm sorry I said this, I didn't think about how judgemental it was. I'm sure he's a happy dog surrounded by love!!
I had to get up and go pet my 7 yr old sleeping boxer Elvis.
Oof this one is rough. I want to post videos of our pitty at the end of his life. His personality is so much like this. Even the way he falls 😭
He’s so precious. I have a 14 year old dog who is a little worse off than this guy but does the same thing to try to impress and play with people. Love to see their personality showing.
I love him so much. Sweet boy.
What a good boy
That makes me wanna cry!
Ugh♥️
Next time you go there please tell him Reddit loves him. And give him scritches for all of us!
Dogs warm my heart. 💜
Aye my man, pool tech here too. Nothing is more joyful in this job then the friendly puppers who come out to help you. Carry some treats with you, it can make there whole week when you turn up. Pet all the dogs!
Next time ya see him see if he'll accept a nice scritch
Ooph yea seeing a dog lose control of his back legs is super upsetting.
Same bro, same. The heart is willing, the body...not always.
BEHOLD! MY STUFF!
this makes my heart grow 3 sizes and smile.
Bless him 😭
Aww my heart
SO CUTE!  Poor old guy, still young at heart.
You made his day!!! Ugh, all the feels on this one. Sweet boy
I miss my old man.

Cherish your pets every single day. Even when they're naughty.
I really love this.
I’ve never met this dog but I love him with all my heart.
Aww my old lady would do this too if she saw ya. She’s still got some spunk in her.
This melts my heart. Animals are so pure.
He wants some one's attention.
The spirits willing. The body ...
Currently crying
what a sweetheart! ♥️
Made me tear up a little. Thanks for sharing.
He tries so hard!
Awww. My cat Mia is getting older (10) and she has problems walking, jumping, etc but she loves to play when she can.
11/10 this dog needs platinum medals.
i hope hes had a great time
My heart 🥺
I would play with him all day long
This is the purest thing I've ever seen ❤️😭 I hope you get to go back and play with him soon! What a good boy.
Clearly his name is “Spot”. Get it together pool dude!
Just call him Stewart. "Look what I can do!"
Well, you’ve made a grown man cry.
Aw
Yet again proof that dogs are too pure for this earth.
He, himself is actually tricky
Some of the best people I know are dogs.
Please post more videos if you have them!
My parents own a pool business ans I used to work during the summers. That was my favorite part. All the animals. Peoples pets get used to you and think you’re family.
So much personality !! Amazing !
I would very zero work done. He is the most adorable boy.
Pretty sure he has hip displaisia.
This reminds me of a sweet pupper I am dog-sitting rn. She turns 15 TOMORROW (girl’s getting a Quinceñera!!) and her back legs are stiff and wobbly and she really wants to play but I’m scared of hurting her but she’s so cute!! Thank you for sharing this cutie pie. Oldies but goodies 💜
My dogs and cats are still young but I’m crying my eyes out reading the comments. I’m not ready for any of the sadness coming my way. My fur buddies are the best thing on earth.
Aw no he looks wobbly 😢
That hits me so hard. We do not deserve dogs,
It just kills me how much energy and dorkness this dog has while slowly loosing the ability to express it.
Scientists of reddit, are u anywhere near making a dog live long as its hooman ?
Folks, sorry to broach a sad topic on /r/aww... 

The way this dog moves a lot like my dog does today. She is losing control of her back legs to a disease called Degenerative Myelopathy (DM). 

It's a congenital nervous disease that gets progressively worse and at its latest stage causes the dogs internal organs to fail after they lose control of their limbs. It begins at their back and progresses to their front. Just writing this post is hard due to how painful its been to go on this journey with my 11 year old pup.

But I wanted to share that to increase awareness among other dog parents. Our dog got this diagnosis (later confirmed with a genetic test) about 1 year ago. Most dogs do not last that long with the diagnosis. We believe she's been able to fight this off and significantly prolong her quality of life due to getting her diagnosed, and into physical therapy as soon as we could. 

If your dog or the dog of someone you know is slipping like this in their back legs, please have them looked at by a vet as early as possible. 

I hope this message helps make others aware of this disease and helps extend the happy days you have with your pups too. :)
This makes me sob so much. One of my dogs will be just like that very shortly and it's going to hurt watching him in that much pain all the time.
He’s such a good little friend!!! He deserves all the love and hugs!
Up vote this TO VALHALLA
Im crying
This guy is adorable.  Btw, what tools do you use? Do you use a hand held vacuum for the pools?
What a sweet boy
That's like my 16 year old cat, his back legs don't work well anymore
I love him
I’m not gonna cry....
Poor baby! His legs are giving out, but he’s still a puppy at heart!
Reminds me of my old dog Buddy. He was just like that ❤️❤️
Grandparent-grandchild relationship.
yooo why the hot posts got so many awards
Dogs are my favorite part of working on pools. Also had a bad ass black ranch cat follow me around yesterday. It didn’t so much as flinch with my impact and other loud noises and was just enjoying his own company and some scratches here and there.
Another pool cleaner here. The dogs can be such a perk.
I can’t even. Too cute!
My vet friend said, "Make a list of 5 things your dogs LOVES and when they can't do 3 out of the 5 things anymore, it's time to let them go". Sad, but a good gauge for when they're really deteriorating and may be suffering more than they're able to be happy and enjoy things.
Gorgeous!
One of the best things about dogs is when they want to show you/show off things. They are so proud!! 

Every morning when I let my buddy out, he wants to take me all around the yard to show me the trash bins lol. If I don’t follow him immediately, he comes back to get me.

This is sooo sweet!!
That is so sweet. I wish I could have a dog. I'd love one just like this.
LOOKATALLMYTOYSILOVEYOU
Oh, what a boy! Such friendly! So happy for company! I love him from across the net 🖤🤍🖤🤍🖤
Old duck nice
What a sweet boy!!
for crying out loud throw the toys 
20 minutes of your time makes his whole day 
you have been accepted into the pack
Pit Bulls are amazing dogs! They unfortunately get a lot of joint problems when they get older... this old guy definitely is showing lots of spunk for his age. Very sweet!
Such a cute older gent 🥺🥺❣❣
There is an old dog at the dog park that is losing the balance in his back legs like the one in the video and he love playing with my pit who is pretty big(90lbs). He loves running into my boy and is constantly falling over on impact. I always feel terrible but the owner says he loves it. It’s heartbreaking but also heartwarming to se the amount of enjoyment he gets rough-housing with my dog.
Old boye but a gold boye
The sleek markings + athleticism = the new athleisure symbol
What a good dogo
Oh he’s such a boi.
This hits home..... looks identical to my 7 year old guy. Hes getting a ton of white hairs on his brown spots, hes the best guy.
Sometimes when they're old and sore, working them up to that physical level can be counter productive for them. They can be sore for days after that unfortunately... some good, playful pets with a play voice is what older dogs need
Please give him all the lovings op
Ooooh! The babyyyy!! (I'm a sucker for dogs!) He wants to play with you 💜 this made my heart happy-cry!
Sweetheart ☺️
Aweee look at the doge;)
People will never really deserve dogs 🤗🥰
Why is this sweet boy outdoors? Does his family ever let him inside or interact with him?
What a king
Young in spirit that one. Love his enthusiasm. 10/10 would pet and cuddle.
I think my heart just died.
awww hims a good boi
That motherfucker showed out!
I feel both good bad for the old pooch. They seem to have degenerative myelitis, by the curled feet and the trouble moving their back end around. Still so happy! Just having trouble getting around.
Tell me you pack treats for these amazing and beautiful puppies!!??
Hip displacement
Sobbing forever
I miss my old boy Obie so much but tomorrow I get my new puppy.  That’s an old boy who ain’t ready to throw in the towel just yet and that’s just fine.
Fuck this has me tearing up. Had to put our 15 year old lab down a few weeks ago and this is how she was when her legs started giving out. Man I miss that dog.
Good boy!
Good boi
r/oldmandog
u/savevideo
I love him so much. I hope you told him he’s a good boy.
Such a sweet dog.
This actually had brought water leaking from my eye holes
My heart is aching! He is the absolute best boy
Well I’m going to go cry now
Try Colostrum, the natur way to boost immunity for puppies like this www.immunityarmour.com
Someone give this dog CBS, my cat was limping and it wasn't broken it was artritus.  I bought CBD for pets, In 3 days my cat. Was walking so much better.
This dog is me.
Bitches love the pool boy
Love how adorable he is!
I don’t know why I expected the dog to sink a throw into the net with the basketball
Aww sweet angel🥰
My heart broke when he fell.

Poor boy, I wanna give him a hug.
I wanna cry he's such a character ♥️
This dog is streets ahead, despite its age
Good boi !
I would die for him oh my goddd what a good boy he's so happy ugh my fucking heart
is it like in porn
Words cannot adequately express how much I love this beautiful angel. It's wild how attached I feel to dogs I've never met, but here we are.   


What a perfectly wonderful old fella. <3
me initially: "his body is aging? how can you tell?"

me a few seconds in: "oh"
My heart
Well this made me cry. I just love him so much already
I can imagine not all dogs you see are so nice.
Such. A. Cutie!
What a sweet guy. He reminds me of my 14.5 year old pup that I had to say goodbye to 3 months ago. She was so nice physically broken down the last year of her life, but damn did she have an indomitable spirit. Miss her so much.
He’s look at this thing! Look at this thing too! And this one!
ferocious
What a buddy
He may be old but he still has that same old will
You better have played with that doggo
As the owner of an older and senile dog who is still convinced that “ball is life”, this hits home.
u/savevideo
Why did you stop recording!?
What a great spirit this doggy has !
That dog is the epitemy of your body is growing old, but the mind stays young. We don't deserve dogs.
What a good boi! Happy to have company.
Poor guy, he doesn't have long. Looks like he suffered from at least one stroke and didn't fully recover. I went through that with one of my dogs and I miss him so much. I hope that I will see him again one day and that he will forgive me for not spending more time with him.
Oh my heart! He’s such an old cutie.
u/savevideo
Okay im crying now
This put a much needed smile on my face! I love his spirit!
So cute. Got me in the feelz
That is so damn wholesome
seeing him probably in in pain hurts.
You know what they say, you can teach an old dog new tricks!
I have my own senior dog who forgets she's old and sore from time to time so this hit home so hard. We currently live with a young dog and she tries her hardest to keep up with him
Very nice!
So sad, my last two dogs got to the point where they just couldn’t walk or go potty or anything. They still have that same demeanor, just happy to be alive up until the end even tho they are probably in pain
Love 💕 him
You are a good man. Thank you
You are a good man. Thank you
God bless all dogs 🙏🙏🙏
Awwww, his poor back legs keep giving out on him a little. Looks like IVDD.  :(
That hit me in the feels, I just wanna give him a huge hug ❤️
Bouta cry!! Two of my dogs are getting older and the oldest one huffs up the stairs a lot and when she strands, limps when she gets up and is losing her hearing :( I really try not to think of it cause I worry when “her time” is coming but she’s my baby girl, my everything. There were so many times in high school she would catch me crying and just lick the tears off my face. Or in the morning when I condition my hair she loves to run her face through it and smell it. She likes to shove her body in-between my legs and walks underneath me. It’s hard with older dogs because dogs always put on such a happy and strong face that you don’t know if they’re truly in pain and when it’s best to let them go :(((
Aww this is so beautiful
He's adorable!
Me gaming.
My bulldog just passed this year. And this made my heart happy ❤️
Such a nice dog it must be one of those nights lol idk why but this made me cry...
My little pugs back legs are failing him just like this dogs.
They had us at the first half not gonna lie
17/10 heckin good boy.
Too cute!
I love him!!!!
I found this both so sweet and heartbreaking at the same time.
“Hey bro come check out what I can do.  Oh shit that wasn’t it.  It’s this one.. damn that’s not it either.”
Ohhh poor baby ❤️
Make me feel more energetic during my working time, really hit my heart
Him is the goodest of boys just wanting plays and pets! I love animals we don't deserve them.
This is best boi.

BEST BOI, YOU HEAR ME?

🥺🥺🥺🥺
Said goodbye to my 14yo girl in August. Her body started to break down, but every once in a while she'd show the spirit of her youth with a tennis ball or a tug toy. This video reminded me of that, and brought on some tears. I miss her.
Aw! 🥺 Old but still a puppy!
Go coogs
He’s an absolute cutie.
This made me really fucking sad
Senior dogs are my favorite!
This hurts
This made me so sad. I miss my dog. He tried to his last day but just couldn’t keep going. Same situation as this. His back legs giving out and he just couldn’t get up at door point.
I’d hug and love him so hard. Oh man, poor guy.
I'm not crying, honest... :sniff:
Oh my heart. 😞 What a Sweet, gentle soul just looking for someone to play with him. Idk how anyone could NOT love dogs.
he is amazing i love him.
Best boy ever!
Awww poor dude needs some medicine like people do. Old dogs benefit so much from cannabis, even cbd will help his joints.
:( love dogs man. I am not looking forward to my 6 year old getting old. AHHH
This made my day too
I was looking forward to him dunking, disappointed
He's sweet!

Your post made clear to me how differently we speak about dogs and people. Imagine how the headline would come across if you left out the first part about the individual in question being a dog, haha.
Wow he looks so much like my dog Blue. She was the exact same; unfortunately she passed away last week at 15 y/o. Hardest week of my life 😔
🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🐾🐾🐾🐾❤️❤️
The spirit is willing, but the body is spongey and bruised.
Made my morning <3 <3 <3
I've come to cleanz za pool.
Tuff strong boi!
Well learn his name and LOVE HIM 😂
He’s great 💚
Damn dude this just brought me back to my pool guy days. Ah all the wonderful dog you will meet.
I would die if I was there watching him  ...
Aw, he wants to play with you so much. What a great pupper 🐶
Idk what I would do without my dogs.
He doesn’t look old, maybe he slipped or has a problem with his legs or mobility.
So playful! Glad he got to meet you!
Cutie
God I love dogs so much
Hope you gave him some well-deserved pets
my screen did something so i just saw a really thick doggo
He really is showing off😁. I hope you gave him some pets and called him a good dog!
Dogs dogs you like dogs
Can this video be longer please I love him
By the way he behaves I think he had a wonderful life.
Bless him. What a good old boy.
This is depressing to watch tbh. It reminds me of when my dog got so old we had to help him up and down the stairs to go outside and put a gate in front of the stairs...
Aw that is just absolutely adorable, what a friendly lovable doggy. Sigh if only humans could take note of so much love an animal has to offer and how beneficial they are to our health, stroking or petting your animal releases so much stress. Love animals and my puddy tat is my sanity pill. Wish I could just reach out and give that doggy a huge hug - so cute :)
🥺🥺🥺
Idk why but this is making my cryyyyy omg 😭😭😭    such a sweet baby 🥺🥺🥺
I install window well covers and we don't go into the yard if there's dogs. Sometimes we get to go home early when this happens
Can we make it illegal posting sad stuff to Reddit I guess I’m just soft
There should be a “1k award” trophy
Damn, this hit me HARD.
Dogs should live forever.
Dogs are too pure for us humans
He’s the best
"Look at These Balls Young Human, These will Give you fun and wisdom"
Unrelated but are the stories true about pool boys?
soo jealous of your job. You must be having a great time hanging out with these awesome doggos
Now I’m crying.. what a sweetie pie.
And and and this is my basketball, and I, oops, okay, we'll leave that one. This is my pool noodle, that's good for shakin'...
Lovey Mutt!!!
That’s adorable
I bet you meet many cougars too (hint hint)
Ohhh what a good boy
I’m gonna make a second account to upvote this again...
I love him.
I love that you called him a gentleman.
His name is “don’t forget me”
He's young at heart.
Aww. Still a pup at heart ♥️
Looks like the old guy dealing with a little bit of hip dysplasia but his heart don't care he just wants to play.  :']
Reminds me of my dog right now. Her back legs are going but she can still move quickly and jump a little before falling. But she gets right back up.
Oh man...bless. good old doggo just wanting to play one more time.
The goodest boi of all. 🥺
He made my day too! Thanks for sharing :)
How many goddamn awards are there damn.
such a good boy <3
Did his family take him for a proper health check-up lately? His wobbliness reminds me of a dog I knew, a sweet elderly Beagle. When he was 15, he was diagnosed with vestibular disease and was given daily medication. His condition improved, he didn't fall over anymore and he lived for 4 more years. Could be something entirely different in this case, but it's worth checking out.
Give that guy some pets ASAP
He’s trying to his best :) what a cutie
This looks just like my dog and he is the same way, old but still likes to show off, especially with his rope
I’m having a hard time reading these posts, hard to see with all these tears welling up in my eyes.  Thanks everyone for sharing, I know the heartache all too well.  
All of my best friends are dogs.
When he thought he grabbed the pool noodle chunk 🥺❤️
My old pitty was like this. He went over the bridge in July. I love surprise puppers
He totally murders that thing he absolutely did not have in his mouth.
Oh man, what a sweetie!!
What a lovely pitty, reminds me of my pitbull Jada
Aww
Lots and lots of pets and rubs for this fuzzy buddy
My border collie turns 12 tomorrow, she has all the heart but her little body just doesnt keep up anymore😔
Hmmmm yes a very distinguished gentleman yessss
First time I’ve audibly awe’d. I’m not crying youre crying!
Awwww
Good boy
Pets are simply the best.  He looks so happy pouncing around
Such a goooood boyyyy! <33
Pretty sure this dog has a tear in what is equivalent to his ACL. Super easy to get in playful old dogs and mine walks. But like that with one. They won't do surgery on older dogs for this because the risk isnt worth it.
Sucha sweetie. Kinda also make me cry
I’m not going to lie. This breaks my heart. My little girl is the same way where she trips because it’s hard for her to control her back legs :( I love this video though
How old is he in humans age? 70,80?
This is not "aww" at all, it just makes me want to cry... Why would you post this :(
Give that boi all of the hugs.
That puppers energy never goes away.
whats with the 1000's of awards today?! ive seen 3 posts with over 1k awards
Oh, my heart
Gorgeous baby!
Holy crap I love dogs.
To be fair, those were some big balls he was going after 🤔
Behold, my stuff.
There is stuff on reddit, that can absolutely reduce you to tears. This video is one of those, even if the dog looks so happy.
_play with the pupper_
He’s such a good boy.
This warms my cold heart yet makes me terribly sad at the same time. Such a good pupper.
omg this is the most awards I've ever seen on one thing. how did he get 1.5k
It looks like you made his day. Sweet old pupper.
so precious this guy, radiates life!
Awww what a little sweet 😍
He is a good boy
Awww what an adorable cutie pie! 🥺☺️🥰
Totally didn't just interrupt a meeting to show this...
Oh my heart, that woofer has floored me.
Taken me to not so long ago I lost my furry fella.
What an angel
That made me burst out crying!!!! Jesus
My Pitbull is 17 years old and still (mostly) healthy as can be. He's not as physical as he used to be but he still gets around really well.
That’s like me, when I go into a gymnastics gym, 20 years after I did gymnastics, and try to *do* gymnastics again 

He’s a sweet boy
THAT’S A GOOD BOY!
u/savethisvideo
u/award-cost-bot
This is great and even greater if the caption is the dog speaking.
He is beyond perfect. I would love seeing all the pups
u/Tctx Hi there, I'm a reporter at Express Newspapers. May we feature this video on our sites with full credit to you please? Thanks, Georgia
Have my free award
Just a little FYI. He is not showing off he just wants to play with u. Nothing more nothing less. Playful old man. When old men become playful today people give them dirty looks and assume the worst. What an ugly world we live in.
This dog is realy happy maybe a little bit to much
So beautiful
OH MY GOD HE’S THE BEST BOY! GIVE HIM SCRATCHIES!!!!!!!!!
Hey hey you wanna ball 'till you fall, I can help you with that! Hey hey check out my toys man
I cleaned pools and only ran into snakes
Awwww
Amazing
He's awesome and super cute! I think he wants you to play with him lol.
He used to play with air bud in high school
This hits me right in the feels - got a 13.5 year old boy who also thinks he’s 1 😭😭
Theyre family👍
His heart still wants to play but his body won't let him.
I think that's a boxer...they are awwwwesome dogs!
I feel so bad for dogs and cats that have to stay cooped up and alone all day while their masters are at work. That's why I would only own a pet if I had a place in the country where they could roam free and chase squirrels and mice all day.
We have been breeding dogs for all these incredible physical, emotional, and intellectual traits for literally thousands of years. Why can’t we breed them to live a little longer? :(
Warms my heart seeing this. Such a good boy
His a angel of playing
One of my favorite as well as one of the most endearing qualities about a dog.

They never seem to lose their puppyish playfulness regardless of age. While it might fade a bit and not always ever present, it only takes a little bit of blowing the dust off the cover and out comes the pup who just wants to play, be a friend, way the tail, go for a walk, do some zoomies and get some scritces and belly rubs .

Like small children and animals like this, I wish I could retain this type of attitude throughout my life. Small things bringing immense joy and happiness. life for humans usually just has a way of beating you down sometimes, or all the time, that this for me at least, has faded. 

Happiness is fleeting. Enjoy it's company whenever it chooses to walk with you along your path. You never know how long it'll be until it returns, and for how long.
Looks like hes got a bad back left leg. Poor lil guy, he looks happy as ever though
My dog’s the same, he still really loves to play but he gets tired a good bit quicker these days. (17)
Kudos to your sir! I wish more people were like you are to animals!!!
I'm not crying your crying.
very superb [dog treat christmas crackers](https://petcare4all.com/dogs/can-dogs-eat-saltine-crackers/) We use dogs too :)
My heart literally hurts with love 💘
I love him omg. What a good boy 💓
That dog is like 98 in goodboi years
He is a very good boi 🥰
You’re a good man. Keep it up.
u/savevideo
Pitties are just the best
Anybody who downvote this, I'm gonna hunt you down
Always young at heart and a good boye
Now that's a good boy
Sweet little guy.
Good boy
I lost my 16 year old jack Russell/ min pin mix in may. This is hard and happy at the same time
The goodest boi
That doggo ... just tugs at my heart differently... poor guy... this thread is killing me rn ... OP stop cutting onions in here...  please give him pets next time u see him ...
This doggo made my day. Extra pets for him from me please.
Bless his little doggie heart
I love him
My heart.
This is so pure!
Melt my heart.
How dare you not throw one of those lol
He is so cute!!!
Ive never been so happy and sad at the same time
God damnit tear, get back in!
Good for you. No one cares🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮
i cri
I’m friggin crying. Man I want to sit on the floor with him and just pet him and play.
I am happysad
u/savethisvideo
Behold, my stuff.
Clean pools?? So you're an amateur porn star then ..
[deleted]
If I were in this situation, I'd be sitting on the ground (or laying there) playing with the good, old doggo.
“Hey man, how you doing? Good? I’m good too. I’m going to hump the shit out of this ball, watch this. Nope, that didn’t work. Wait wait, this is the one. I’m gonna have to hump the shit out of this ball. Nope, that didn’t work either. Hey look a toy!”
I hate when people refer to animals as if they're humans. Here I am expecting this old dude out here strutting his stuff with his dog and glancing over. Cool dog and all, but it is an animal. Otherwise it sounds like creepy weirdo stuff.
He's a good boy! He needs a good old rough housing to make him feel young again. Sit next to him and give him a gentle jab in the ribs, grab him round the neck and fuss his head then let him climb over you doing his version in return.
Maybe focus on learning to record properly.  Stop vertical video syndrome.
crying at the club rn
So pool man, ever make a wife’s  fantasy come true?
Aw, i think hes a stray too..
That is not a man, or even a human....
