Your dog is going to eat all that in 15 seconds flat
That little tongue 🥺
Deep down he is all..

What i do wrong
"Are... are you sure is for me...?"
Excellent table manners for doggo!
He even had a napkin. What a good good boy.
you gave him broccoli? at his size a broccoli fart can be mortal.... :)
Looks like the PERFECT thanksgiving to me!!!
Why do you have two copies of Fable III?
Bet your pup is happy you’re home for thanksgiving!
Looks like family to me.
That little tongue boop
Awww, sweet boy. I’m glad you have him... pups seem to make so many things better.
[deleted]
He looks so polite waiting to be allowed 😊 dogs are the best
Looks like a good boy to me
I'm on my rather small phone and  it looks like There's a spider on your dog's dish. (Left side)
That look says "This feels like a trap". But he also looks like a good boy who no doubt deserves that treat.
I've seen a lot of doggos on Reddit and this fella is easily in the top ten. What a sweet boy you've got there, and what a good daddy he has.
Is it because you play Xbox and they’re a PlayStation family?
Perfect. Enjoy every second of it. I had to put my boy down a few weeks ago, and now not seeing family on top of it...it’s been quite the holiday.
Honest question, what mac and cheese did you make? Your own recipe? It looks really good.
Omg that lip
Look on his face "human hurry up with the snappy snaps, i need to bury my head in that bowl"
Nice job! Happy Thanksgiving. Hope you had a great day.
Happy Thanksgiving.
The lil blep
is that wired controller?
I’m actually jealous that your dog eats and enjoys his veggies! Mine will spit them right out.
Happy thanksgiving to you both! 🍁
Get some spice in that food my dude!
That’s a very polite blep. Good boi has such good table manners
That lorge boi is lucky to have you dude/tte
What's the black thing behind your TV/stand? I'm genuinely curious.
Perfect
That is the best picture! Good boy!
Your little buddy looks really sweet.  I hope y’all had a nice Thanksgiving together.
That “Politely waiting for you to say okay” face. What a heckin’ good boy.
I love your pupper's face :) he's hilarious. Thanks for spreading a little joy. Happy Thanksgiving dude.
Same here and just Tazzy and me this year. Had turkey TV dinner for 2 with the fixins and watched Cold Mountain together on the couch and then took a long nap.

&#x200B;

Surprisingly stress free and none of the  family drama that usually happens on this holiday.
Probably best thanksgiving ever! He never argued about politics with you.
What a handsome dog!

Just a reminder to folks, plain turkey is okay for dogs to eat. Lots of dog foods have turkey in it.

But, remember not to give them pieces with bones. Turkey bones are usually brittle and not suitable for dogs. Also, if you cook your turkey with garlic or onions don’t give it to your pup. Those things can be toxic to dogs.
I'm in the same boat as you. In another country and unfortunately away from my family. Dinner was much more emotional than I imagined.

I really feel for you, OP. I am glad you have such a good boy to keep you company ❤
We fixed our dog a plate every year for Thanksgiving.  He passed away on 11/13. This was the first year we didn't fix him a plate. Enjoy these moments, OP. As hard as it is being away from family right now, looks like you have everything you need. Handsome pup. And he's just as much family as a human would be.
YOU GOT A GOOD BOY AND SHELLS AND CHEESE. YOUR THANKSGIVING FUCKING ROCKS
Love that provide a napkin for your plus one🥰
Food and games. Nice you have my respect
Hurry up and take the pic hoooman!
Ok those target candles can really help bring up the mood tho they smell amazing and have the nice crackle sound!
Happy thanksgiving! I would give you the gobble gobble award but i ran out of reddit coins
Best date ever
Tis a good thanksgiving
Cute little blep there!!  He is so beautiful!   Hopefully you will be reunited with your family soon.
😋 🐾
Dang that looks good.
I’m gonna guess this picture was the only 2 seconds you had before he devoured that entire bowl. My dog would have made it vanish like David Blaine.
What a cutie! And your food looks great, I hope you two had a great time!
Hey op, what brand of mac and cheese is that?
That dog’s lower lip is the cutest thing I’ve seen today. Good doggo you got there.
What a good boy ☺️
This picture. Happy Thanksgiving friends, 2 legged and 4
Omg the tongue got me! So fucking cute!
Happy Thanksgiving..... In the spirit of sharing!
Your boys face made me laugh so hard. I cant exactly pinpoint a "human" expression to project but I love it
It’s sad you couldn’t be with your family but at least you have your best buddy to enjoy your dinner with.
That mac is making me feel some kinda way
Haha his portion is bigger than yours!
Best guest ever!
10/10 imo
Sweet looking dog.
So happy you have each other!
This is beyond precious.
Man I wish I had a boy like yours. Time’s rough when you’re alone. Have a good time you two
Looks great, mate
Lol, that good boy is using every ounce of willpower not to inhale that entire bowl. :)
*notices oblivion case in the background*

Huzzah, a man of quality
Mlem I can eat now?
So cute. We did that for our dogs too.
I miss my family too. But FaceTime makes it easier 🤗
Your dog eats broccoli?  How brave of him.
You could have seen them though, I’m with my family right now.
Happy Thanksgiving! may your day be bright and full of wonder :)
The fact the dog had more food on his plate than u let’s me know how much u care for him. I hope your holidays still went well as many of us know holidays during these times aren’t easy.
OH HE DO A BLEP HES SO PERFECT
Your dinner date is cute.
Good friends.
lol that face ...'you gonna let me eat that??? O_O'
This dog eating better than me
Username checksout
I kinda feel yah, ive been pretty sad all day bc I can't see my family bc my passport expired and my mom video called me which got me sadder bc they all looked like they were having a blast rip

I don't blame her since she wanted to see me but it kinda made me more sad if anything
he even dressed up, that's the fancy bandana
He's adorable
I think that blep is saying, “Thank you, man! You’re appreciated, too!”
This is my favourite thing I've seen this week
Aw, I had to do the same. My spouse had to travel so I rocked it with the doggo at home aline. Gave him a lot of extra peanut butter today and now he's destuffing a toy.
I would take this Thanksgiving over Thanksgiving with my family every year of my life
That is a very good boy, quite possibly a top boy.
Hard to find a better companion!  Happy Thanksgiving to you both!
OMG DAT MAC N CHEESE THO
Looking super nutritious
How’d you get him to put down that damn controller?
I poured gravy over my dogs kibble for thanksgiving. Just confirming my place as their favorite human!
Dude that Oblivion case in the background. Props. Fallout 3 GOTY. Fables 2 and 3. It’s this 2020 or a happier time!?
Bethesda Fan. A person of quality I see
Your doggo loves you!!
That’s the “Daaaaad, do I have to eat all of my broccoli?” face.
Good boy
This is very cute and all, and I love that you have a sidekick such and such and such...

But that Oblivion box....it just sent my heart soaring.

Great post!
Upvote for adorably cute doggo, nothin but the best of lovins
Aww your dog is so cute extra points because the bandana.
Better than family
That good boy is obviously not a hound since the food is still there.  :)

I hope you had a happy Thanksgiving together.
Perfect
He looks like you just brought up politics 😄
He’s so cute 🥺
Split/second! My dude!
He cute.
What a good dog 🐶💖
I immediately stuck the tip of my tongue out a copied the dog
Good doggo
Your dinner with your Boyo looks fabulous!

I had Thanksgiving dinner with my pups, Ranger and Jade, yesterday too. We had a lovely evening! Unfortunately, since I just had dental surgery, my dinner was chicken broth and ice cream. Wish I could have had turkey, mac & cheese, etc. like you two!
This is SO heartwarming, I had made a plate for my doggos too :) now they  believe they are more than deserving of more
Oh he is definitely the best boy!
🤣 that expression, that's a don't you think about touching my plate motherfucka, I will fuck you up
We did the same. That's a good boy right there. Waiting to eat. My dogs are filthy animals.
Happy Thanksgiving to you and your boy. That's all the family you need. And no fights.
And the dog is looking so grateful!! “
Can we eat like this every day?!”
Me too! Shared thanksgiving solo with the dogs and the cat. Wasn’t as terrible as I was expecting. Hope yours was enjoyable.
LOVE THIS!!! 💖
He’s waiting for you to say prayers
Nah, you had Thanksgiving **with** your family!
You dog eats vegetables?
[removed]
Looks like time well spent ❤️happy thanksgiving
Ooooh that pup is eating real good!! Nice job parent 👍👍
Trying to get a game in later?
You have two copies of Fable 3

F
Same here me and my girl Daisy
Thanks for staying home!
Looks a bit like he’s questioning your choice of broccoli over something yummier like more turkey
Yummy and that is a very good boy
This was me and my dog during a pretty sad Thanksgiving about 15 years ago. Made her her own whole plate of food and we ate together. This year, we were discussing our turkey plans and I was like “I got this,” all because I’d cooked a turkey for my dog and me 15 years ago.
Wheres the fucking Gravy??

Wait.... Americans don't have Gravy on thanks giving??
[removed]
He blep
Omg that looks disgusting I nearly just vomited in my mouth.. a wired controller!? (I’m only joking)
Are doggos able to eat sweet potatoes and macn cheese? Might give em diarrhea.
Just me and my son this year. We called family members (who live in other homes). Nice conversations. We are thankful to have good food to eat today. And extra thankful to be healthy. Remember those who don’t have these basic things on this Thanksgiving. 

It’s hard to not be able to visit with loved ones today. But try to focus on the positives. Looks like a great meal and a sweet pal to share it with. This too shall pass. Make the most of every day that we have.
Please say that is velveeta shells and cheese.  Fuckin love me some velveeta shells and cheese!

I’m sure your boy just dominated some of that.
[deleted]
Just getting back from a family shouting match about politics/COVID and family members leaving in anger. So your Thanksgiving situation sounds pretty ideal to me!
Props to you.  

Doing something very similar here.  Wife and I and two cats.  Parents, aunts, uncles, and grandparents scattered around North America.  

Don’t think we’ll be back to normal next year, but happy enough to not put my family at risk through my own selfishness.  (Looking at you, people at airports.).
[removed]
Blepp
r/blep adorable
"But I don't like broccoli"
I recommend some rechargeable Energizer batteries for that controller 😁 glad to see you are enjoying you Thanksgiving 👍god bless and I like your dog😁
what was the "obvious" reason?
You have a dog and a house so things aren't terrible :) 

I also can't see my family this year, but at least you got a dog 🐶
I heard raw meat is better for dogs can anyone confirm? I know raw bones are better than cooked so they wont split and give splinters
Where’s the gravy?
Obvious reasons?
Out of the loop. What are the “obvious” reasons?  

/s
I feel so annoyed by all of this because I'm Canadian and Thanksgiving feels like a year ago lol
Anne’s Mac and cheese is the best
His bottom lip though! ♥️
Happy Thanksgiving buddy!
What a good boy!
zoom on on that face, lol!
Shells. Good choice.
That plate is pretty cool. Where did you get it?
Tongue
Nice controller
Yo he eating more than you
He's such a handsome boy. Give him some headpats for me.
Awww he’s so happy to just be with you 🥺
Happy Thanksgiving bro!
So you like the fallout games?
Looks like a great Thanksgiving with family that truly loves you
Happy Thanksgiving dudes!
Whatta good boy!
I like your table and your dog
Aww this really tugs on my heartstrings
Best dinner date you could ever ask for
Probably the best guest to have anyway.
You pupper is thankful for sure!
Corded controllers and animals is asking for an accident lol.
Why is this dog eating better than I am
Why is he not wearing his mask!
Beautiful table
Your boy needs a controller!
Looks like the perfect thanks giving to me. My lab looks similar to yours, and she also loves vegetables!
Username checks out. 😉
Happy Thanksgiving, guys! One day you will look back at this quite nice celebration with your boy and have a wonderful memory 🐾
The kraft 3 cheese shell mac and cheese is the best boxed mac u can get, well done!
I’m in the same situation as you (even down to the dog), and this has been one of my favorite holidays yet.
Aw look at his pouty bottom lip. He wants to gorge so bad.
This makes my heart happy ❤️
im proud of you for staying safe. happy thanksgiving
^(blep)
Did you season the meat?
My birthday party was something like that. My christmas will certainly be like that. 

And so many people like me alone, isolated for almost an year now...  


Be strong you all, we'll get through this. 

And it's so good we have dogs that so we can hang around them and hug them without fear of getting Covid <3
I read this as, "me and my boyfriend" and I was like damn your boyfriend is cute
I dunno, my pets are part of my family. The part of my family I like.
Whats the story behind the two copies of fable 3? Cute doggo too
Damn you got some game collection man
Where's his controller?
A good boy!!
Happy Thanksgiving to you and your pups. Just 1 year of being away from family during the holidays. Better than getting together and someone getting sick and dying.
Fuck yeah
Awwwwwmmggggg so happy to see this photo! Hope your homie enjoyed his thanksgiving!
I can’t wait for the Schnoodle for this one! 😊
This guy Bethesdas
What a beautiful lab!
Looks like a perfect Thanksgiving.
He’s waiting so patiently it looks like!! Sweet puppers!!
Omg this is the best!
He's gorgeous. Have a great night!
You have an old school Nintendo!
I see all the elder scrolls stuff on the shelf. You play ESO?
A man of taste, Morrowind is fantastic
He looks like a G O O D B O I
They make a wired controller for the XoneS?
Blep
*blep*
Your dinner guest is the most polite boy!
Ik he was shitting good after that mac and cheese
Are we all just going to ignore the coax cable running above the floor and \*on\* the door in the background?  Is it a faux door?  A door to Narnia?  A door to the neighbor's place and they keep it locked?

&#x200B;

Nice dinner friend.   Looks like you have your priorities worked out just fine. Happy Thanksgiving!
What a healthy meal with your pal
Looks like a good Thanksgiving to me
He’s so CUTE!! That little tongue awwww
The tongue bloop 😭😭😭❤️❤️❤️
Oh wow you can feed dogs mac and cheese?! Super cute dog op happy Thanksgiving!
Looks like he's planning some video games after dinner.
I spy Morrowind Prophecies on the shelf.  Excellent collection of games, my friend.
Omg
This is the best Thanksgiving photo of the day
This is prime r/blop material. It’s the sister subreddit for r/blep, except for dogs instead of cats.
Two copies of Fable 3?
He’s all like “oh no this is so *nom nom* this is so sad *nom nom* we can’t see *nom nom* the family. We’ll make due *nom nom*”
BLEP FTW
I hope you didn't play video games during dinner. How rude.
Thats a face that says, "Hurry up and take the photo human."
Happy Thanksgiving brother.
What a good boy. Look at those manners!
That is so adorbs you have a little candle there for you two
Wow what a dummy
“Come on bro take the picture” - Good Boy
cute cute cute

doesn't he try to work around the broccoli? lol
This is an ideal night for me lol
He bleps for thanks.
Aww give your baby a big hug for me.
Omg he is so adorable ❤️
Username checks out.
The Morrowind Prophesies, a man of culture is see. If you haven't already, you should read The Infernal City and Lord of Souls.
This would rank in like my top 5 Thanksgivings
Happy thanksgiving!
OHANA!
Aww his little puppy tongue
Brutal dog farms incoming
What a lucky boy. Hope y'all enjoyed your meal and day!
Thank.you for staying in and helping keep my family (and others) safe.
Think I can get that extra copy of fable 3?
Spider-Man?
Not eating carbs is sadness, shells and cheese are so good. :pensive:
Umm, I'm calling the cops.

That controller cannot reach your end of the table. Something is amiss. Not quite sure what it is, but something is fishy, I'm calling Mr. Adrian Monk. He will set it straight.
Seems to me you got everything yoy need, xbox good food and a great company. Happy Thanksgiving my American friend.
he looks so happy that you’re sharing this moment with him! Thanks for the smile.
Yams are awesome.
Had to show off the game collection eh? Nice bro and cheers to dogs and video games!
That face is either , 'Do I have to eat these veggies' or 'Can I please eat this now'

Either way, your boy is beautiful and behaving so well to have his picture taken.

Edit: scrolled down - It was 'You okay, dad?'
That little tongue blep gave me a smile on this lonely holiday.
I love that look on his face🥰
Happy Thanksgiving!!
What a good doggo! Happy thanksgiving!
Love it! I also made my dog a fancy thanksgiving dinner!
So precious!!! My fiancé and I did basically the same thing with our guinea pig hah
ANNIES!!!! Yes!!!
My understanding of dog faces tells me he is quietly *so* excited about this, and trying to seem cool about it. "Ok, good boy, you're at the human table now...act like a human...no wagging...you can do this..."
Awww, super cute 😍😍
Same , just time and the pup this year 🍁
Could not ask for better company for dinner
Blep
Why? You had to play XBOX?
Hehe, doggo blep
Sweet y’alllll ❤️❤️ Tbh that looks like a great dinner to me 😂
That looks like my coffee table. Surprising to see it, mine was a hand me down from decades ago.
His napkin 🥺
I'd be your best friend and risk COVID if you fed me like that.
Bro your all wood house deco is kinda lit.
Why you got two copies of fable 3?
Omg his face is like “Broccoli? Really? Dave we talked about this...”
thanks for choosing to stay home and stay safe. looks like you've got a great companion there too!
I am glad so many of us made the best of an awful situation, but I hope we are never in this position again.
Happy Thanksgiving to the best boi and his awesome human for doing the healthy choice
I see you’re a fallout fan. Respect.
Are those Anne’s shells or kd shells?
That’s Awesome!!!!!!!!!!
Happy Thanksgiving to you both.
Aww he looks sad that the family couldn't make it. I hope he enjoyed his dinner though
I’ll have what he’s having.
He looks suitably impressed with the meal and extremely thankful.
Awwwh, he look like a big version of our luna! So cute!
lol his face
I applaud your responsible decisions, as unfortunate as they may be.
The dog be like why my hooman not leave
This is the sweetest thing I’ve seen all year.  Happy Thanksgiving to you and your good boy! 😊
He looks like great company! Happy thanksgiving 🦃🍁
That face says “where is MY mac and cheese?”.
Did you put lipstick on your dog?
Looks like the dog agreed to the photo but he ain’t having that broccoli
Wearing his dress bandana too!
I rescued my girl off the streets on Thanksgiving 2 years ago. I consider Thanksgiving her birthday. So, today I made my plate, and she got a little bit too.
Happy Thanksgiving! Thanksgiving looks different for a lot of us but things will get better. Take care!
Wdym you couldn’t see your family I had thanksgiving at my house but since you didn’t promise me you will next year
What kind of candle? Sorry, I went for the weird observation
That is the saddest dog who’s about to eat a plate of turkey and mac n cheese I’ve ever seen.
Happy Thanksgiving!
Even the dog is like "this just feels weird bro"
He family too! A bit of family is still family!
That face is sus.
Happy thanksgiving!!
Thank you for making that choice❤️
You seem like a man who enjoys rich mohagany and leather bound books
Ohhhh man that’s great. T-minus 20 seconds doggo
You have very good taste in games
What a human expression
I love this!
Turkey and shells and cheese is a great combination
Damn, what a G
That is a bright assed room. Get some mood lighting
Why do you have two copies of Fable 3?
Dog ' uh. Ok. Jokes over... Where da meat?''
Why you got two copies of Fable III my dude?
SAME af. I love my little chihuahua but it would be nice to have a big dog to vibe with. Sweet potatoes would be sweet right now.
Nice game collection bro
That hound will fart.  And it shall reek.
It is amazing how much emotion is in that face.
he's looking kinda judgmental lol
You have a vintage gaming console! How cool!
That; uh.... 

That fo me..? :p

How bout:

Napkin?
My choccy lab would have devoured EVERYTHING she could reach, including the controller before you could say Happy Thanksgiving
I'm sure this has already been asked, but does your dog eat broccoli 🥦?
That is a fine looking dinner companion right there! That’s a really good looking dinner too! The whole picture is very aesthetically pleasing. Happy Thanksgiving 🍁
That fucking face. Please give your boy a hug from me.
I like how your video game controller gets a place at the table too.
So thoughtfully made and healthy too, wow.  Mac n cheese is comforting.  Better next year guys!
Kudos to you for eating healthy!! Now feed good boy animal product.
What game did you play ?
r/blop
Damn, that pasta be looking good
Peter, mr Devon is that thy
Blep.
He has cute lips
 the little tongue!!!
Perfection!
That thick Oblivion case and all those Bethesda game guides... Nice dude!
Are your games in alphabetical order?
Where’s his controller?
Shells and cheese and Xbox....”A gentleman and a scholar.” 😎
When life hands you lemons make lemonade!👍
Sweet blep
I like your New Vegas and Crackdown.
Also that broccoli and mac n cheese looks very nice
Did you talk about his divorce?
What’s that string coming from the xbox controller?
Happy Thanksgiving 🍁
Happy holidays man, were also at home for probably Christmas as well
Look at that sweet boy and his silly tongue.
Hes looking at you like “are you gonna finish all of that?”
Seems like you had the best company on thanksgiving. Arguably better than family.
This is exactly what I do every year ! 😊
He's beautiful
Ayyyy I see Hocus Pocus back there! Nice 👌
Bestest boy
My dog and I did the same this year!!! Happy Thanksgiving, man!
Does your dog happen to have white toes? I showed my husband his picture because he's our pups twin!
The look on the Dogs face as if he can't wait for you to take the picture and say ok eat it!
thank you for being responsible. it feels hard but I know it's right.
My chocolate loves chicken, sweet potatoes and broccoli too!
i wish my family didn’t come over. HAPPY THANKSGIVING EVERYONE ELSE STAY SAFE
Happy thanksgiving to you and your doggo!
Blessings for you and the boyo. His little stress face, made me smile.
Omg his tongue! Love this
That's so precious that sweet dog
Remember folks. "Dogs are family too"
Adorable pooch!
Oh this is so sweet. He’s so happy that he gets turkey too!
I want your pupster!!!!!!
He looks like a high school freshmen on his first dinner date
I love his little tongue peak
Did he eat the broccoli?
Awe, what a good dog!
Well done
Your dog looks so confused. Like he is allowed to eat at the table now and have human food too, no way.
His restraint is admirable. Mine wouldn’t have waited so nicely for the photo. Happy thanksgiving Mac.
he so cute
Oh man that is the goodest boi.
The calm before the chaos. Take the photo human before I scarf all of this down.
>!****!<
Shells and cheese! I wish I had some for thanksgiving
well bro, maybe that is secret blessing.  look at the face of that boy who loves you - love the tongue peeping out.
You two...watching Hocus Pocus?
That’s a “dad please tell me I can eat” face if Ive ever seen one
Your dog eats better than i do
Power A controller? Nice I have one as well
You have a dog and an Xbox. You’re good.
Happy thanksgiving to both of you.
You just made me want Mac and cheese, real bad.
Bro his looks better prepared than yours, good job.
The blep is strong with this one.
Wow! What a lovely meal. Great sweet tater and cute as heck doggie!
Your dog either looks very skeptical or he’s like, “Dude, what is this.”
There is something heavenly about spending a holiday with just my dog(s) and I.
the console or the doggy?
This is awesome .. who finished first ?
That's some good company right there 🐾❤
AWWWW your dog is adorable!
Sometimes all you need is man's best friend. Mine helped get me through covid while my wife and newborn were in the hospital. Hope you had a good one bud!
Looks like you had excellent company! 😍
This made me realize I didn’t have macaroni for thanksgiving 😕
Honestly, smoking herb, playing video games and having dinner with a Labrador sounds just as good to me.
Did he eat his broccoli?
Looks like great company!
I wish I had a free award to give you. Happy Thanksgiving,  friend!
Elder scrolls fan. Love it.   Happy thanksgiving from Canada.
His face tho is like "when do I get the food"
I’m so happy for Rover right now. This is probably the best 5 minutes of his life!
You and him eat like this all the time now don’t you?
Love your vault dwellers survival guide!
Happy thanksgiving bro
That a fur-parent!!  Way to go.
Haha eating good!
I like his lil bandana
But where's the gravy?!?!
Who's a good booooy!
Beautiful moment. We all gotta take we can get.
Awww... sweet games
He's happy to share Thanksgiving with you bud.
A lovely dinner companion. Pure of heart.
Broccoli for the dog?  Bold choice.

I hope its not too cold to open a window.
Lil blep
 ooo
That Mac n cheese though! Mac n cheese for breakfast it is!
That’s a cute pupper 🥺
He’s all the family you need
Good doggo!
What were you playing?
He’s giving you the sneaky ‘blep’ for making him sit and pose for a picture with his food. 😊
Dogs are the best
Why couldn’t you see your family?
He do the :p face
I’m not seeing anywhere near as much wear on that Fallout 4 guide, compared to the rest of your collection.
That's why they're hoomans best fweinds!
He looks happy!!
Sad to say it, but thank you for staying home with your boy. My entire family is having real problems breathing from being on day 5 of a cv diagnosis--and we were strict stay-at-home-maskers who evidently got it from a doctor's visit. 

If more people were like you this would have been over in April. I hope your next Thanksgiving makes up for the disappointment this year. Be well.
I hope that you two had a wonderful time. Your doggo looks very sweet :)
He looks like such a lovable doof and it made my day
The cable across the floor gives me anxiety
So great. The furbabies and I did the same. Cheers.
Plot twist: The photographer is a dog too
The morrowind prophecies ??
One of my dogs looks just like your dog.
Bro do yourself a favor and get a wireless Xbox controller.
i like that plate. did you get that from huckberry?
I filled my dogs bowl with chicken (from making stock the previous day) and poured some gravy over it.  She is happily conked in the next room.
Pup is thankful
Blep!
still looks like a bomb ass thanksgiving dinner
That is the derpiest face I’ve ever seen
Well I hope you both had a Happy Thanksgiving
Oh my God his tongue!!!!
You’re both in good company!
Solid game selection my dude 👌 adorable pic too! Pup looks weary of the big bowl of food lol
What cruelty
Now post a vid of the dog playing on the Xbox.
You have two fable 3s?
i love chocolate labs, enjoy holidays OP ❤️
That's a happy Turkey day blep.
Honestly I like that kind of mac and cheese way more than the fancy stuff moms bake
fallout fan i see
Wait did you give him Mac and cheese as well?
Yo that’s my favorite Mac and cheese shape!
3 cheese KD ❤
[removed]
You have a wonderful collection of games and a handsome pupper, happy thanksgiving my dude!!!
Happy Thanksgiving!!
This is exactly how my dog looks at me when I tell him to stay.
🐑
That's a face that says you know vegetables make me fart so I've got a question , so why ?
You had the best partner for your Thanksgiving.
That wire on ur controller doesn’t look to  long. Rip
mlem.
Blep
Yessir!
Dogs have had a great year.
Aww
He’s a beautiful beast❤️❤️❤️❤️
I have that same Xbox controller.
WARNING: He (doggo) is going to have some stinky farts! 🦃 🥦
“Wait...Wait...Good Boy”
Did you watch Hocus Pocus too? 😉
I did the same thing with my cat
Your dog looks like he doesn’t eat broccoli! 😂
What I'm gathering is you have a good boy and a great taste in games. Judging by the plethora of strategy guides and games, I'd say you are a Bethesda fan. I, too, am a man of culture. My favorite still being Oblivion.
I see dat Oblivion Collector's Edition 😎
thank you for service your doggo. i did the same with mine. they too deserve a big fat meal once in a while. happy holidays!
Your dog is looking at you like, "are you serious? I get all of this?? You're not playing a trick on me now, are ya?" and I love it. 

Sorry you couldn't see any family but your dog is adorable! Can't wait to own a dog myself.
Very good boy too
“We gonna eat or..”
You single handily gave thousands of people alone for the holiday a glimmer of hope and gave thousands of people a reason to smile for the holiday. Tonight you told your dog how important he is to you. Family and the holiday spirit is what we make it. No matter the reason you did it this way this year there are thousands of others doing the same thing right now. That’s the true reason of thanksgiving if I have ever seen one.
Just picked at the cheese?  Our old girl who passed this year absolutely adored cheese.  But boy that little butthole would melt the paint off the walls.  She’d just look at you at go “Hmmm?”  Glad you appreciate dogs are omnivores.  Broccoli, cauliflower, rice, chicken, potatoes, ours love it all.
Blep
What are you playing
No one's going to ask why he owns 2 copies of Fable3?
How’d the video game session after the dinner go?
That’s a good day if you ask me.
Omg his tongue!
I bet this is the best Thanksgiving of your dogs life!
He’s a very good boy.
Are there two copies of Fable III?
Best boi ever, happy thanks giving
I did this same thing! He ate at the table with me
Happy Thanksgiving you and your boy! His face says it all hahaha
Nice cord (yourself from 2009) (joke)
This dog got a GREAT thanksgiving meal; this human got an OK thanksgiving meal. Happy thanksgiving man.
r/blop
Yoooooo that’s basically what I had +mashed potatoes
I like that he’s rocking a bandanna for the times
Hocus Pocus
Your doggie has a look on his face like he’s just praying for you to turn your back so he can get YOUR food. I love dogs!! I can’t think of better Thanksgiving company.😀🌈☘️
I love this
Goodest boys have the nicest hoomans
What are the obvious reasons?
Ta at lunchtime
I have that exact same controller! It’s actually super nice quality for one with extra buttons.
Looks like you did make the best of it. Next year, next year.........love to your pup.
Wired controllers in 2020?!

jk happy thanksgiving 🦃🍁
Those are the eyes of pure love. Looks like you’ve get yourself one of the bestest boys.
“Am I losing my balls tomorrow?”
He’s part cat with that blep! I bet he’s the best boy though! 😛
This photo made my day. :) Thank you for sharing!
Honestly looks like an excellent dinner with a friend.  Hope you both enjoyed.
What a handsome doggo
I love his tiny blep!
Now that's a good boy waiting until it's ready to eat
Love your set up
Adorable!!! Happy thanksgiving to you both! Also, I think we have the same plates!!
Haha that's cute
Low key showing off your NES. :D
“Might’nt I the grizzle?”
Very handsome dog!!!!!
He looks so scared
Dog: "What, no gravy?"
I see your a man of the shells culture.
Are you eating out of a frisbee?
I was going to give my boy a special meal, but he scarfed down a dropped chicken wing and now I have to feed him slowly and watch him closely.  

Happy Thanksgiving!!!
Is that a series x controller used on a one s
Bro where is the seasoning?
That boy be bleppin
Yo is that lego indianna jones and kung fu panda?
Is that steamed yams?
Really cute dog!
this is totally my style, I don't like being around people very much
Is there a reason why you own Fable 3 twice?
Happy Thanksgiving! What are you playing tonight?
Is that a shattered tv behind that tv stand?
Who's a good boy?  YOU ARE!

Cute doggo!
Your boy is super cute.
You have a great game selection!
You might wanna move the controller, he might spit and puke on it.
LOOK AT THOSE EYES : )
Playing Watchdogs, I see
is his name Daryl?

he looks like a Daryl
I know I shouldn’t be focusing on it, but respect for having a NES (Classic Mini?)
Good boy patiently waiting for snacks!
This dog has more patience than my husband
Roast that broccoli! Bit of salt, pepper, some olive oil, and right in the oven on a baking stone. Tastes much better than steaming/boiling
Blep
Little things matter vro happy thanksgiving hope you’re well
The Napkin is what does it foe me
Happy Thanksgiving to you my man.
You just know that was the best day of his year too.
Way gooder than an extended family catch up
Nice! 🥰❤️😍 

Hope you enjoyed dinner.
Nice living room! 2 TV setup is where it's at
Dog: “There is green stuff in there......”
This is toooo cute
I didn't know mac n cheez was okay for doggos
Such a good little laddy boy!!!!
That's too bad but at least you have your buddy.
He finds the broccoli offensive also the pasta, see his tongue out?
To quote an Irish friend of mine: '"That looks like a dogs dinner."
Velveta shells and cheese = best Mac and cheese
You had the best company  ❤and your food looks good
Happy Thanksgiving! I’m sorry you can’t be with your family. *virtual hug*
For me 😌
Yo, buy yourself an extension cord so you can charge the controller from the couch side.  Cool dog bro
Dang - that's one healthy doggo.
I see RDR2 in the background therefore I’m going to ask you: is your dog a good boah?
Is mac n cheese usually part of a thanksgiving meal? I see it all the time now
Race to the finish! 🤗
Your dog eat better than I do
Happy Thanksgiving. Sorry for your isolation, but know that you’re not alone (get it?). Also, yes: what a good boy!
I can’t get over his sweet face.  What a great Thanksgiving companion!  :)
Your dogs so cute
Broccoli, woof?
Chessy?
Aren't dogs carnivores not omnivores? Do they even get useful nutrition from vegetables?
💜✨
Goodest boi eva
I had Subway...
Bro this made my night. Bless both of you. Happy Thanksgiving.
The younger makes this soooooo much better
Blep
Happy Thanksgiving!
He’s a good boi
Good on you, but if my lab ate that she would like everywhere.
Goodest boi!
What are the reasons?
Oh my god, I think your dog is a sibling of my dads dog! They are mirror images. What state are you posting from?!?
What a gentleman he looks, my boys do not like posing for the camera.
You won Thanksgiving this year my friend
Happy Thanksgiving!!
looking delicias
Ready! To! Eat!
I want to give a award but I can’t afford one I’m sorry 😔
Looks like a wonderful Thanksgiving! 🥰🥰
Don’t think I don’t see The Godfather the game back there that game is my childhood
Anyone else spend a solid minute looking at the games on the shelf?
I just hope you know that he's going to have nasty diarrhea
Hocus Pocus watched recently?
You’re about to be treated to some toxic broccoli farts over the next few hours buddy.
Teeny tiny blep
R/blep
Awesome picture, happy day after Thanksgiving!
Is there a tv in front of your tv ?
Your dog kind of looks like Jar Jar Binks.
By his face I assume he's also not happy, But hope you both can make this lovely moment :)
That's the look of why I have to eat the brocktree...Hooman mean
Hell ya
*blep*
Maybe you need some glasses? Your mom is sitting right there.
He is waiting for U
Aww
Happy Holiday! I did a similar celebration with my dog...he scarfed it all up then promptly barfed in the backyard. At least it was an easy clean up. Next year will be better. :)
Take my upvote for playing both red dead games
Yellow Pine is a great looking wood in these older houses. Such character and the matching table is great.

Edit. Whoops. Looks like the floor is oak. I got species blinded by the nice table.
I just got such nostalgia seeing those game guides. Fallout 3/NV/4 and Oblivion were absolutely worn from the amount of time I spent using them lol good picks
Annie’s Shells are always part of Thanksgiving here too!
That’s a good boy
Look at him waiting and taking a pic that is a well trained dog!
I bet he picked out the meat and left the rest in the bowl.
He looks so polite
He looks like...What the fuck am I supposed to do with this?!
This man has 2 copies of Fable 3
Dogs are carnivores..  they get vegies from the entrails of their prey
Such a handsome doggo!!☺️❤️
The blep is strong with this one
He rlly said 👁👅👁
Is that hocus pocus on dvd?
He absolutely deserves every bit of that I’m sure.
Blep
I like the alphabetization of the games 👌 mint
My dog loves broccoli and asparagus. Hope you both enjoyed the lovely meal!
I had grilled cheese so you ain't doing that bad.
What a great face your dog has, that’s one healthy meal for you both.
And he had macaroni & cheese in his bowl too!!! This is so wholesome!
Nice! Also, thanks for reminding me to charger my controller.
I did the exact same thing with my boy! 

It was actually nice and quiet and I got to make the food that I (we) wanted.
Blep
