I actually swiped to the side to see the painting assuming this was the reference photo. Holy cow, where/who did you learn from?
This??? Is a PAINTING??? Congratulations, this is super impressive, you have massive amounts of talent!
Wow! If you hadn’t said painting in the title, I would have kept scrolling assuming it a photo.  
  
The individual hairs, snowflakes, the focus range  for both, the shine on the tongue 😮 fantastic work!  
  
Edit: holy cow! I am pleased my top comment is a compliment related to a doggo that looks just like [mine](https://imgur.com/a/LrPw1gM) :)
The fact that I thought you just reposted the picture here, shows how skilled you are...
#how the fu-
Woah. That looks like a real picture! Great job!
You got a website, I would happily pay for something like this!!!
Unreal! It looks wonderful
I’m sorry, where’s the painting?
I had to zoom in on multiple parts of the picture to figure out that this was a painting. Well done, very impressive
r/art is where this belongs
I was suspicious until I went to your website 

[https://www.scottmitchellportraits.co.uk/petportraits](https://www.scottmitchellportraits.co.uk/petportraits)

You are very talented, well done.
Excuse me sir/m'am, you accidentally uploaded the original photo.

Jokes aside: wow wow wow! Beautifully done, you've got some talent!
Wow! I’m impressed. You mentioned in another comment that you’re mostly self taught and that makes your mastery of these techniques mind blowing. I’m awed by the amount of practice and self-discipline you’ve clearly devoted to your craft. Mission accomplished, i did enjoy it!
Wow !! You are excellent ! I thought it was a pic!!
And you didn’t sign it?
I cant believe this is a painting...can I commission you to do one of my dog?
Incredible work, how long did this take you?
Hi I'd like to see the painting
Nope, I need an in-progress pic because this is just a photograph.
Genuinely thought it was a photo at first. Had to zoom in to make sure
My god, this could be a tracing!
OP isn’t a painter. OP is a printer. The realism is nuts on this.
I'm not knocking your work- you are an incredible artist with more talent in your pinky than I have in my entire body!

But at what point is the hyper-realistic painting trend self-defeating? I imagine this took you a whole lot of time, and I'm sure the vast majority of people would just assume it was a photo if they weren't told it was a painting. So it begs the question of "to what end?" Is this more of a proof of talent, or is all of your work hyper-realistic?

I guess I'm just thinking that I'd want an oil painting to look like an oil painting.
This is really good
I love this so much! I want to learn how to do more realistic detailing in my work. I mainly focus on digital, but this is amazing. I don’t think I could be as successful with physical paint simply because I’m a wee bit color blind and digital art gives me the full wheel and I’m able to use logic to determine what the color should be. 

I’m working on a commission and had to send the guy my color swatches as I didn’t think the secondary hair color looked right. It looked very green to me when the wheel said it should be more blue. It is the right color and I hate my eyes
My dad insists that this is a photo. He can't believe it is a painting. 😁
Thanks to u/frick-you-fricker , here's the proof. 

https://www.scottmitchellportraits.co.uk/petportraits

To be honest, I was skeptical at first, but man, he is good.
This is insane! I was trying to find the painting and then I realized this wasn't a photo. WOW
With this much detail I'm a little lost as to why someone would want this as a painting. This is indiscernible from reality so why not just print a photo? I think this passes the threshold of too realistic.
Had to go to maximum zoom levels before I believed this was a painting! This is wonderful. You have a lot of talent
Great painting of a good boy!
That's incredible,I couldn't tell it was a painting til I zoomed in
It that a painting or a 8k picture
Nailed it bro!
I actually thought it was real until I read the title
It's beautiful!!
Wait how is that not just a photo. Amazing job, OP!!
This is amazing.
holy fucking shit it look me so long to realize its not a painting incredible job
Amazing job!
I thought this was a real photo. Awesome work, this is incredible!
I thought it was the picture at first, I had to zoom in to convince my brain that it was the actual painting. It looks so realistic!
Where's the painting.......wait a second
Wait, this is a painting ?! 😯 amazing
Wow!!
um, i scrolled more because I thought it was the reference...this is amazing\~!
This is awesome. Was seriously questioning if it was a picture or a painting. Had to zoom in on it to confirm. You’re truly talented!
Amazing. Just amazing.
100% thought you reposted photo. Had to tap and zoom to confirm otherwise. Niiiice.
Amazing
I was convinced this was a picture untill I read the title
This is incredible. The amount of talent you have is absurd!! Amazing job!
This isn’t a photo? 🤯
Holy shit this is amazing! I showed my son (6) and he was flabbergasted. Great job!
Is it also a cake? It's too real!
I know what I'm saving up for now. 

This is beautiful work. Proper photo-realistic painting.
How much do you charge for paintings? Have a blue Merle Aussie that would look amazing as a painting.
Amazing!  I booped his nose.
This is straight amazing. 

I bet your art has comforted a lot of people who loat a best friend.
I really thought this was the actual picture! Very impressive, you deserve much more credit and love!!
Nah, that's totally a photo.  


Wait a minute.....

  
\*Zooms in.\*  


Holy.  Shit.
wait what? this is a painting??
I literally could not believe this was a painting until I zoomed in very close. This is the most life-like oil on canvas I have ever seen! I cannot believe that is not a photograph. You are fucking amazing dude.
I will not accept the fact that this is a painting
This is a picture /s
When a painting is this photorealistic you almost gotta ask yourself what's the point? Other than challenging yourself as an artist of course.
THIS IS A PAINTING?! WHAT IS THIS VOODOO WIZARDRY YOU POSSESS?!?!
Nope, no way is this a painting. Impossible!!!!!!

Do you do commissions?
I am super impressed with your ability to get the:  
Semi-transparent slow long his legs  
the watery reflection of the photographer in his eyes  
changing depth and color scale of the whiskers, especialy the water drops on them.   


Honestly, if you had not told me I would assume someone took a photo and put a little bit of painting filter on it.
Holy Schnikes! I thought that was a photo of my dog for a minute! Amazingly well done!
Really makes me miss my dog, Boomer, though.
You lying liar this has to be a photograph. For real, OP, this is CRAZY impressive. You have serious talent. Props! Do you do have a business of any sort, like do you do paid commissions or anything?

Exit: nvm, found your IG! You are damn talented.
You painted it.......
Firstly I think it's a picture...
Really awesome painting 👌
Of course I am enjoying it.
How are people this talented? Holy shit
GORGEOUS. Painting is ALIVE. Such talent!
Incredible. Indistinguishable from a photograph.
The painting from the good the bad and the ugly on your insta is insane. I hope thats the right art term to describe it.
Holy shit. That’s insane. 👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻
You captured the soul of this pup’s eyes so well!! Does that sound weird? I mean it as a compliment lol
Nope not a painting, definitely a photograph. /s

Well done!
I swiped to see the painted picture. Then I zoomed in. Bruh, this is fucking amazing.
this is mona lisa level



wait no HIGHER
For anyone else who didn’t believe it was a painting like me, zoom in realllllllly close to the eyes, you can see some brush strokes. 

It looks like a picture and I was absolutely not convinced it was a painting, lol. Incredible job
imagine lying on the internet for karma lmao. this is clearly a real life image of a cute dog, not a drawing. smh. /s

But for real, you did an amazing job! I legit couldn't tell. you have some amazing talent! do you have your own website or something?
Wait... THATS A FUCKING DRAWING???
Wel you are an impressive artist because i was convinced you were joking and this was a picture until i zoomed in very close.
I THOUGHT THIS WAS REALL WTF
And I struggle to draw bullet points
I looked up your Instagram and my brain hurts
How are you just going to steal a picture and claim its a painting OP? 

/s
this looks so realistic! i zoomed in and still thought it was a picture! amazing
wwwwwwwwhat the ffffff. wow
Holy shit! This is incredible!!
You're ridiculously talented.
The details on this are incredible. I zoomed in on the mouth /bottom teeth area, this is a amazing painting.
Hahahahaha. It’s funny because this is a painting. It’s a painting. Let that settle. I zoomed in on the dogs eyes because the detail is ridiculous. 

It’s a painting. Wow.
This is incredible talent. Can you paint my dog? She passed a year ago
I legitimately tried to swipe through the photos because I was certain that was the photograph and the real painting was next. Excellent job!
Awesome job! Any idea what breed it is?
My brain cannot process the fact that this is a painting. This is absolutely incredible.
Wow!!!
That's amazeballz.
Hey op, I'm curious, how much do you charge for a painting like this?
this isn't a picture?
/r/NextFuckingLevel
r/toptalent

I cannot imagine all the hours you put into yout work
It’s so clear it is a painting... when you zoom in 500x.
You are extremely talented wow!
Without zooming, I couldn’t tell it was a painting
Here I was trying to swipe over to see the painting. I thought this first pic was the reference photo you used. Shit.
You are incredibly talented.  This painting is awesome.
Sees picture. Aw cute. Reads titles. Wait. Zooms in, holy crap. Well done!
Awesome! You are very talented!!!!!
I have to zoom in forever before I can tell it’s a painting. Amazing work!
I had to zoom in to see the brush strokes in order to convince myself that I hadn't just been bamboozled. Holy shit, this is so good.
I don't understand how something like this is even possible.
Good grief, that’s not a picture!! Insane talent my friend, insane
Thats a painting?  Jesus h christ, dont ever come to the internet if you think youre good at something, theres always something like this that makes you feel inferior😆.  Damn fine work OP!
This can't be real right? What kind of magic are you using?
I’m here to say that I don’t believe you. So good job.
Hard to believe this is a painting, great work!
Brilliant style.  It's like a lucid dream.
Witchcraft!!!!
Are you sure that’s not a picture?
Amazing work!
Definitely didn’t believe that was a painting until I zoomed in
I was scrolling down to see the painting beneath the photo. Wowwwww
Bullshit that’s a photo
That's a painting? OH SHIT THAT'S A PAINTING!!!
I had to zoom in on it cause I thought it was a real photo. Amazing skills!!
I honestly can't imagine the level of focus it takes to stick with something long enough to get this good.
I didn't even think that was an actual painting until I zoomed in on it. That's amazing!
Legit I thought you where lying about it being a drawing but then I realized that If it was a photo you’d be able to see the camera in its eyes
Now let us see the painting
This is unbelievably impressive. You are an absolute master with oil paint. Stupendously beautiful.

So real...
You sure that ain't a picture
what kind of witchcraft is this? are you fucking serious...this is a painting??
Do you paint it from a photo or otherwise?
I was like "thats a nice photo, now wheres the painting of it?" Then i zoomed in. Nicely done
Shut the fuck up
No black/yellow/broken teeth. It’s a painting.
Wow I thought it was a picture. You did incredible great job!
You’re about to get a few more requests
What? No that's a photo - you're lying!! *looks closer* Well damn!! That's really good!
Bro... you took a picture whit a 4k Camera
You're lying, clearly this is a photo :)
I mean at some point you might as well just take a picture.... absolutely incredible OP!
This is amazing! Loved the details ♥️
this is... a painting?!?
Easiest the most realistic painting I've ever seen. Detail is incredible! Awesome job!!!
My brain cannot accept that this is a painting. Incredible talent.
Okay, this is so good that I had to run it through reverse image search. It seems legit guys! Scottmitchellportraits. You are extremely talented!
"We have confirmation, Sir.
Several minds blown. It's a slaughter, Sir."

....goooooodamnit that's good! 😳
What the actual fuck?! How dare you claim this obviously HD photograph as a painting!

For real though this might just be the most impressive painting I've ever seen, tremendous job! Absolutely insane work, never stop
I am in total shock!! Unbelievable!!
Unbelievable
I like how people are trying to drag this person saying this is not a painting.  More then likely have no talent whatsoever.  So instead of trying to get as good at something, they waste their time talking shit like they know something. Losers!
That’s a painting?
Wait, hol’ up this is a painting?!
This is wrinkling my brain! Wow, great job!
Bro I needed to see this today.
Incredible thank you for cheering me up !!!
This is the most hyper-realistic painting I have ever seen in my life. And by that I mean, this is outstanding.
It’s times like this when I really wish our society valued talent like this just as much as we do athletes, actors and musicians. You have one hell of a talent. A superstar in my book.
where is the painting then?
Wow. You got me crying now. This is so stunning I had to browse the pictures of my past away pup to see if there is anything suitable for a painting and this got to me. But it‘s a good cry, the one where you are grateful about good old times.
I really enjoy the paintings on your website, beautiful.
This looks so much like my dog. It's actually kind of surreal to see it. Incredible job. Thank you for posting this.
Cool picture, show us the painting now.
The detail of the tongue and teeth is amazing. I bet a veterinarian could guess the age of this pooch accurately. This is amazing work. The goatee fur detail too!! How much would it cost for me to get my dog done? I’m sure you’ve been bombarded with requests but man.. I want one. This is incredible OP.
You truly have been given a gift from God!  Amazing!  I have never seen a painting more beautiful in my life of 62 years!!!
Spent a very long time looking for evidence that this was a painting.... just wow. Great job, standing ovation. I even had to turn up my phone brightness and STILL am not convinced.
Omg It's so real than I can fell his breath.
are we positive like 100% sure that this isn’t a photo?
sometimes art is so good that i have to zoom in to look at the brush strokes cause i’m convinced it’s a straight up picture
Took me a while to figure out that this was the painting itself. Such a goodboi and a fine art piece if I say so myself. Cross post this to r/Art, mate.
I thought this was the picture, gosh dang you are amazingly good at painting! Take my helpful reward, for that will even the account to 60 helpful awards!
I found the Redditor's pup post you were talking about a few minutes ago and I though it was a repost

Holy guacamole, great job, my friend
Unlike most paintings, the longer I look at this the better it appears.
r/nextfuckinglevel 😊
Best oil painting of real life I’ve ever seen!!😳😄👍❤️
I tried swiping to see the actual painting, couldn't believe this was it until I zoomed in. Incredible.
This is fucking fantastic
I never get how people make such ultra realistic looking paintings. It feels like I would have to paint an entire life time only to get close to that skill
This is insane, I was asking my self where was the painting until I zoomed in. Excellent keep up the work!
I'm not an art person at all but gawt damn i know talent when i see it. Amazing work.
Took me a while to figure out that this was the painting itself. Such a goodboi and a fine art piece if I say so myself.
Holy shit, that's painted? Wow! That's actually amazing.
I gotta say, I in no way believed this was a painting at first!! It was too good! But then I zoomed in and saw the details but WOW!
Hold up your telling me that this is a painting
unpopularopinion: if you want to be a human printer, great.. but paintings look so much better if you can see the brush strokes.
You’re amazing !! You have a gift
I thought you were lying at first... had to zoom all the way in. This painting is insane! I went to your website for pricing, but there is any.

Edit- never mind, I found the prices.
My first thought was "bullshit, this is a picture" until I zoomed in. Bravo! This is incredible
No way this is painting! It's amazing and very well done
so you telling me this is not a real picture.
now im confuse about reality.
Are you able to paint my brothers cat

Edit: i was wondering since you are an amazing artist
Where's the painting? This is photo

;)
Girl: oh no I ... I can't Paint 

That same girl:
I still don't believe that this is a painting.
Can you paint any animal? A horse, specifically.
If you want proof this isn’t a image just zoom in a lot.
wooowww can i have you paint one?!
Damnnnnn son 👍🏼
This is absolutely outstanding. I had to zoom in to even be able to see brush strokes. Stunning
Wild! Only when zooming in I could see clearly that it’s a painting. Amazing work on the detail!!
Holy shit that is an incredible job!
This belongs on r/nextfuckinglevel
Who you trying to fool? This is obviously just a picture. It really does look like one though
How can someone commission you? This is amazing!

Edit: found your website.
fake news. This is not a painting and anyone who is saying otherwise is absolutely right.
This should be on r/nextfuckinglevel
While this kind of artwork requires serious talent, I always wonder what the appeal is. Why would you want a canvas painting that's always going to be mistaken for a photo...when you could just get the photo printed onto a canvas? 

The coolest thing about art is being able to capture things that aren't real. I don't get why anyone would want what is basically a photograph but a thousand times more expensive.
Total fake. This is just a photo. Jk, it reallty looks great!
I literally had to zoom in to confirm it wasn't a photo
WOW THIS IS AMAZING
Woow! Bravo! 
I really like it.
Holy fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck
This is awesome in the category of deadly! Also, looks just like my doggo that crossed the rainbow bridge 2 years ago. Thanks for the gasps and feels, Op!
I thought it was a photo til I looked at the nose
I swiped to the side, thinking this was a photo and the next picture would be the painting. This is amazing work! Great job!
Amazing!!
That’s not a painting.

Lol good job tho. This is amazing
Nice
Wow! You are very talented! Nice job!
I would've bet money that this wasn't a painting. Holy crap this is incredible!!
Wow.
Holy sh*t this is so talented
Holy hell! This is amazing. Looks like a photograph. Love it!
Not me being half asleep thinkin it’s real 👁👄👁 it’s beautiful
This is absolutely breathtaking!
There’s no way that’s a painting! Holy crap it’s so detailed! I would have thought it was a real photo damn
Omg, this is gorgeous! You're extremely talented
This dog looks exactly like my dog. Even the white fur on the chest.
I scrolled down thinking I was going to see the painting underneath the photo. Holy crap. I am in awe!
If that´s really a painting, I don´t even know what´s real anymore... Am I a painting???
wow this is amazing when I read the part that you had painted this, I zoomed in on the mouth for a reality check great job
PAINTED?? YOU'RE TELLING ME THIS IS NOT A PHOTO?
You gonna show us ?

Wait thats the painting
What the fuck

#HOW
Wait that’s a painting
Wait, this ISNT a photo???
It's incredible, I thought it was a photo until I zoomed in.
That doggo is kinda cracked doe😳
That's really fucking good
Wow this is very impressive
Plot twist: OP is a printer
R/nextfuckinglevel
Thats a painting?!? 🤯 I thought this was an actual photo!!!
Okay but wheres the painting?
my mind honestly can't comprehend how the fuck to do this. Congratulations, it's as beautiful as my dog, and she's the best
Wow.  You nailed the lighting.
It looks so real
I am confused. Is this supposed to be a painting? What? No fucking way! No way! NO WAY!
If I saw this without context I would assume it's a photo someone took and not realize anything wrong.
holy crap nuggets I tried to swipe to see the painting. WHAT YOURE SO TALENTED
Honestly thought that was a photo instead of a painting before I read the title. Great job!
INCREDIBLE.
Im on mobile and swiped over thinking this was the photo. It took me a while to realize this was the painting... Honestly, I thought you forgot to upload the second pic or you put the painting in the comments. Bravo.
Wtf dude!? I was thinking: what cool filter used in this photo! Awesome works
You have some serious talent
This is utterly amazing.  I love it!
I, too, can upload a photo off google images.





Just kidding, looks amazing!
No it’s not a painting. It’s a picture taken on an iPhone.
Not sure I even believe it’s a painting...
This is absolutely insane. Like everyone else, I, too, thought it was a picture! Unreal!
Superb! In every way.
Wtf! This looks real! You are CRAZY talented!
Holy shit. I thought this was a photo. That's amazing
Damn, I had to zoom in and examine tiny details in order to even see that it was a painting. That's impressive. Well done
This is a PAINTING?!? Incredible!
This is literal magic!
Where's the painting? You posted a photo.
The detail is astounding!
Daaamn thats good! I had to zoom it to realise its painted! So well done!
That’s amazing!!
Oh my god. At first I couldn't tell it was a painting you did so well.
Amazing! I really had to zoom in to see it was indeed a painting . I’m jealous of your talent
Where's the painting? All I see is a picture.
I thought this was a photo and was swiping to try to get to the painting...wow
This is painted?!
That's a painting?!?!?!?
It's absolutely amazing! You have tonnes of talent!! Keep it up 😁
THIS IS A PAINTING!?!!?!! I am shocked and amazed
Where's the painting?
Damn I was searching for the painting thinking this one was the photo! 🤣 Then I looked closer and my jaw dropped. Awesome work man. I love oil paintings as well❤️
I legit thought this was THE dog.. not a painting. Amazing job, my friend.
This is insane levels of talent.  You are amazing!
What do you mean, that's just a ph.... wait...... ***wait***

Holy cow
That's really amazing. How long does something like that take?
Wow! That’s so awesome! You’re so talented!! I can’t believe that’s paint!
That looks so good I had to do a double take! Nice job!
THIS IS BLIZARRE HAHA GET IT WOW GOODJOB
I didn’t read the title and thought it was a picture! Beautiful dog and beautiful art!!!
Oh my god I thought that was a reference photo I was so confused I couldn’t find the painting
I think this is the most impressive painting I've seen in a long time, congrats
This is a fucking painting? What the hell..
This is... incredible.
That’s marvellous, well done 👍
Wow thats amazing, I thought it was a picture until I read that it was a painting. Great job
My mom says you are very talented
I was like "yo where's the painting" 
"oh." 

 Amazing work!
What a cute puppy but where's the painting?
Yeah but where's the painting?
You can't fool me, I know you just reposted the picture. But actually nice job.
Oh my god this is so amazing!
I'm a little skeptical of this. It seems too good to be true
AMAZING!!!
How long did it take you to get so good?
Remarkable. You have amazing talent!
How is this even possible?
Wtf...
Only way I could tell was looking at the clump of snow beside the nose
How many hours did this take?
r/nextfuckinglevel imo
Holy shit. Man you are talented!  That is awesome
You going to show us the painting?
For hyper real paintings like this, I almost feel like you have to intentionally put something in somewhere that doesn't look do freaking good, just so people won't think you've posted a photo and called it oil on canvas. Lol. Great talent! Sand cute pup.
Jesus Christ man you are literally da vinci himself
Wow, that is some scary-good photo-realism right there. You are insanely skilled, OP!
What do you mean painting I dont see no...Oh...wow that's a good painting
Witchcraft I say! This is real!
This isn’t a photo??? That’s amazing!!!
This is the most photorealistic painting I've ever seen. You nailed the lighting. It's just perfect.
Wow amazing! Even zooming in it’s hard to tell it’s a painting.
I thought this was a photo so I was sittin here like a clown on mobile tryna scroll to find the painting. Never had that before! This is truly amazing
This is just perfect, I had to bring up the brightness and zoom in to notice that this was a painting...

Jeez, I can't deny I'm so envious (in a good way) of people who are this talented.
This is a photo right?.... *right?...*
Holy shit.
beautiful!
That is incredible!!
....THATS SO FU KING GOOD BRO
HOW!? HAVE MY CHILDREN. Beyond impressive.
THAT'S A PAINTING?????
Wait so you're telling me this isn't a photo?!
This is great..by why not just take a picture for gods sake. Imagine standing in the cold for days just to say you PAINTED something.
How much to paint my dogs?
This looks just like my boy. Love this. Amazing talent.
I tried to slide and see the painting for way too long before it hit me
"There's no way in hell this is a painting"
**zooms in**

Wow
painting perk unlocked
This is a painting or a picture?
THATS A PAINTING!!!!
Oh, what a beautiful example of witchcraft!

You are incredibly talented, I’m another one who almost scrolled past thinking it was a photo. This is amazing work.
Ceci n'est pas une dogue
I was just like OK I see the pupper where's the painting?
I think you posted the reference photo. Where is the painting?
Well goddam dude, this looks 100% like a photograph. Mad skills. If it's OK to ask?, what's the average cost for a commission similar to this? Amazing work.
Painting so good I want to give it pets
Wow- you are extremely talented
Wow. That is absolutely impressive. Almost photo realistic.
Don't commit hara-kiri please
WHAT. THAT'S A PAINTING?! this is amazing!!!
ur telling me.. this isn’t a photo taken from a camera
Cute photo but where’s the painting?
It’s remarkable!!
I’m a beginner photographer and can kinda draw a stick figure.  This is not a painting but a picture!
Wow! You've definitely mastered the lighting aspects. That's a difficult skill in realist painting
Could have sworn this was fake until I scrolled in on the nose and you can see the paint... damn son this is dope
I went to scroll thinking the painting was going to be the next picture!!

This is so cool!!
Holy crap.  Stuff like this makes my life look meaningless.  Lol.  That's amazing.
These MEGA realistic paintings make me feel more useless every time I see one
Wow!!!
This painting is so good, the artist just replaced the camera lol
i scrolled past this 3 times thinking it was just a photo
I thought it was a FOTO not an art piece, but daaam that's good !!
Every time I see these hyper-realistic paintings, my first inclination is ‘bullshit, it’s just a photo someone’s passing off as a painting.’  And then I zoom in, and sure enough, it’s a fucking painting.  Hats off to all you talented bastards.
This is out of control.
I refuse  to believe this is a painting. This is so damn good. The only thing that gave it away was the tongue, but this is beautiful.
This is absolutely incredible! It’s hard to believe that this isn’t an actual photograph
Just WOW! You have an incredible talent. This looks like a super high resolution photo.
I don’t really get this hyper realistic stuff but it is mind blowingly impressive nonetheless
Amazing work! For a moment I thought you are just trolling us because somehow this looks even better than an actual photo.

Only when looking at it in full resolution, and zoomed in, this is actually discernable as a painting.
That’s so good!
I will never understand how people can paint / draw this damn good. It's incredible! People like this have a genuine gift.
You PAINTED this??!
THIS IS BEAUTIFUL OMG
O.O my stick figures are uneven and then I see THIS
This blew my mind. Fantastic work.
There’s no way this is not a photo of an adorable dog in the snow. NO WAY!
Oh my god! And here I am struggling to paint the Japanese flag.
What what whaaaattt amazing 🤩
Me: no way is that a painting. 
Zooms in. 
Me: Holy Shit.
Holy shit wow. I don’t think I ever said to a painting, but damn...
Wow i thought this was a photo for a second! This is beautiful!!!
Wow.
This is beautiful. Made me cry. Looks just like my boy who passed a few  years ago. Same dog tag too.
I've never been this unsure I was looking at a photo, wow! You really have to zoom in there to find any brush strokes. All of the snow and water droplets must have been challenging, my gosh
YOU PAINTED THIS??? I can’t believe it!! It’s so perfect!!! Incredible job!!!
That’s not a painting. Ur a printer.
turns out the chinese have been tricked
This is INCREDIBLE i had to zoom in to believe it!! Your hard work is definitely paying off, this is just... so incredible!!!
Dude. That’s a painting?!
This person really took a picture expecting us to believe it’s a painting smh /s
Wait. That a painting. Your joking. There’s no way that this is a painting. THIS FUCKING AWESOME!!!
Oh my God what an amazing painting!! Unbelievable talent.
This looks like a irl picture someone took your good
What kind of sorcery is this?
Wtf! That's dope!!
Wait hold up there’s no fucking way that’s not a photo holy shit
Oh that’s a cute picture
*reads title*
what?? A painting??!
*zooms in and investigates in disbelief*
OH MY GOD
I had to zoom in to confirm it was a painting! This is awesome! Love the smile on the pup too. Awesome
This isn't a picture?! What the heck, that's so amazing! You did such a wonderful job!
Nah, I'm not having it. It has to be a photo.

Seriously though, it's incredible.
I like when a painting is so amazing that I feel the need to zoom in to verify that this in fact a painting.
Beautiful
That is breathtaking. You are incredibly talented
Unreal.
Only after you zoom in can you tell it's not a photograph
This is amazing! At first I was like “okay this is the photo they went off of let me just.. wait, there’s not another picture.. OH MY GOSH THIS IS THE PAINTING” seriously brilliant! ✨
Holyshit!
You are so talented!! Amazing
Probably anyone asked already but anyway - how long does it take to finish a masterpiece like that?
STUNNING!
LIES! This is a photo!



Fr tho I thought it was a photo. It’s amazing
No way!  Very impressive!
You should do a timelapse of you painting these! Could be cool for people trying for this kind of painting 😊
Haha no you didn't trying to post a picture call it a painting ha idiot not stupid I'll even zoom in too make sure....well fuck
U should post this on r/nextfuckinglevel that’s amazing
Are you gonna show us the actual painting and not just the refrence pic? All jokes aside u got some real talent like wow
You can’t fool me, you definitely just reuploaded the picture. Just kidding but omfg this is so good
OUTSTANDING!!!
Okay so I literally kept swiping trying to figure out why I could only see the photo instead of the painting. Then I realized... it IS THE PAINTING!!! This is absolutely incredible!
Impressive detail
this is amazing
"bro that's a fucking picture" **zooms in** "holy shit, well done!!"
I can't even take a photo as good as this, unreal.
Hey I think you accidently posted the reference picture instead of the painting
This is fantastic! My brother’s longtime canine companion is nearing the end of his life... he would love this.
Your brush has a higher resolution than my camera
I can't stop looking at the perfection of the dog collar. Looks like a photshop filter was applied to the original picture, and thats meant as a compliment. Most impressive!
Why not just take a picture?
AMAZING
This has better resolution than an HD pic. If you zoom in you see shading on the freaking snow! 🤯
WOW!!!!  Beautiful!
I have a question for you.
This is the first time im impressed by a painting
Wow, amazing. Looks just like alive, but the teeth looks fake in a way. I don't know how, but if I hadn't seen the teeth I would think that your lie'ng(my last brain cell don't want to co-operait)
i was like “awh a doggo” then i read the caption, my mind is blown , you should be proud of yourself
I zoomed in to be sure this was a painting
Amazing! Truly amazing!
Bullshit that's a photo

*zooms in*

Yep that's oil. Tf bruh, this is /r/nextfuckinglevel
put the photograph here for comparison
That is amazing!
Wait. You're telling me this is a painting?
What the fuck. Incredible.
Ohh damn..
Super impressive.  Looks like a photo.
I thought there was going to be a second pic of the painting. I thought that was a picture of the dog. Great painting👍
Woah!! This is amazing!!! Wow.
Youre very talented, I thought this was a photo.
If this is a painting........you will be responsible for a few photographers going out of job soon. Great work.
Took me a solid minute to realise this wasn't a real pupper. Good job, man!!
This is absolutely incredible. I am in disbelief. You did an extraordinary job in every sense of the word. You have some real talent. Cute dog, too!
This is a photograph and you can’t tell me otherwise /s

But seriously, this is amazing
I had to zoom in to believe this was a painting😱
Wow. This is fantastic!
look st the snow in the back, it is a painting, a really good one ngl
Painters and their clever ways of using paint
**How is this a painting holy crap I had to ZOOM IN JUST TO VERIFY IT’S NOT REAL**
Part KBD?
Wow! Very impressive. I need a painting like this of my dog & kitty!  
😍
Wow, very impressive work!
This is awesome! Wish I had the spare money to get one for my wife - our golden boy just passed away last month.
Absolutely beautiful
It looks so real🥺🥺. I love it
Whats your price for a painting?🤤
Holy Shit Snacks! This is amazing!
Can I see the original picture?
How much do you charge for paintings or drawings of animals?
Holy shit this is incredible
The tongue is the only thing I can tell is painted.. this is magnificent.
Holy shit
That’s clearer than real life
You are ridiculously talented. I mean, you are preposterously talented. I mean, you are outrageously talented. I’m stuck in a loop here.. awestruck.
Siiiick
Really impressive but are you able to make original things like your own idea etc ? That would be interesting
At first I was like, no way. Then I was thinking it could be a filter. But...oh. my. GOD! You have amazing talent!!!!
Do you do commissions?
Literally kept scrolling to see the painting below because I thought this was the picture you used for reference... AMAZING!!
Lies..... that is not a painting... you are too good xx
Amazing work!!! Do you know what breed this dog is?! He looks just like my family’s pup!
🤯

You painted this?!??
Awesome
What the fuck!!! That is a painting?!!!! No way.

Fucking unreal mate. Take all my money!!
Imagine having a time machine and traveling back to the Renaissance period. You would make guilders by the oxcart.
I really just thought this was a photo. You’re amazing, great work!!
Wow!
But how?
I'm so fucking impressed!!!!!!!!!!!
This is amazing. Incredible work. Must have taken quite a long time and dedication.
“Wow! You did these… freehand? My God, these could be tracings!” - Michael Scott
I had to zoom in to see if it was a picture! This is insanely amazing! I'm flabbergasted.
It looks so real!
I’m pretty uncultured in terms of art; for the most part I don’t like it. I find it boring. But this? Fucking phenomenal buddy, well done. I almost didn’t believe it until I zoomed in.
I’m sorry but I refuse to believe this is anything other than a photo. It’s so good!
THIS IS A PAINTING?!?! THIS.....is a painting???? I don’t believe you. I require video proof of you painting this. This is too perfect to be a painting. Seriously, you are SUPREMELY TALENTED. Please, take this poor man’s gold for I have nothing else to offer 🏆🏆🏆
Absolutely beautiful! You are very talented!
So that's the OP's photo, where is the painting you did of it?

Jokes aside that's an amazing painting
...PAINTED???
Wow, I expected there to be a 2nd picture that you painted, this one being the photo you used, still had to zoom in to confirm it's a painting. I'm amazed by the amount of detail people can paint, this is so good. We'll done.
Ok so where's the painting? All I see is the picture used for it

&#x200B;

;)
What made you post this 2 years after painting it, Out of curiosity
wow this looks so realistic!! :O, you are very talented!! ❤️
I showed my mrs this and she didn’t believe it was a painting, I also spent about 10 minutes trying to find imperfections, it’s fucking amazing.

I still can’t believe just how good this is.

Well done :)
Great, so where's the painting?
This is a painting??? The art work is so immaculate! Keep up the amazing work
This is so good I fucking love it
That’s not a painting that’s a pictur
wooooowwwwww  look so real!!!!!
But that’s a picture
I had to stare for a while before I believed this was a painting! This is incredible!
Wow! Definitely thought this was a photo! Absolutely incredible!
I honestly had to zoom in on it before I believed you that it was a painting. But yeah sure enough it is. Its so perfectly realistic that I literally thought you were lying :P
Just.... Marvellous, amazing really.

Good job mate, in awe.
Now I don't know about you guys, but I think if some of the not so famous painters today lived a few hundred years earlier with this knowledge and style of realism, they would be just as famous as Picasso or van gogh
this is a painting? wow! very impressive!
Ok now post the painting...

Seriously though, this is insane!  Kudos!
Jesus. Until you zoom in it’s photorealistic. Amazing talent.
i refuse to believe this is a painting
WOW. I had to zoom in really close before I could tell it was not a photo. How do you not have brush strokes on the tongue though? Does the photo of the painting have effects?
That is an insane level of detail!!!! Great job!!!
Do you do commissions? If you do, whats your current workload and projected turnaround?
I THOUGHT THAT WAS A PICTURE HOLY SH-
I can kind of see it's a painting by the dog's eyes, but everything else looks like an actual picture. Holy shit you are talented.
This is amazing
https://www.reddit.com/r/Eyebleach/comments/k2220i/pudding_is_a_resident_fox_at_the_national_fox/

Can I politely suggest you try your hand at pudding?
next fucking level
Wow, the realism in this painting! Awesome!
Even though 99% of the comments believe you and the upvotes are there I still had to zoom in for a while, But that’s how good this painting is
Holy cow!! I would LOVE to have my raccoons painted!! Please message me if you are interested in doing it, I will pay!
Ok... I was trying for ages to scroll across to a second picture because I thought the first was a photo!
This is amazing!
You must have practiced for many years, your work is incredible!!
Wow, this is amazing artwork, you should be proud!
I thought this was freagin real
Wow
I may need you to paint a picture of our older black lab as something to remember him by.
I cant tell if this is real photo or painting. Help my mind is melting!
You...painted? Painted? This? Just...wow...
? where's the painting OP
I see the reference photo, where's the painting?
This is so well painted I can only tell it's a painting if I zoom in!
r/nextfuckinglevel
Umm excuse me that's so good!
Wow
Damn!!! This is incredible
This is so good, are you being a fraud? I think this is a photo
Woah. At first I thought this was a picture. Anyway this is one of best art I have every seen off a animal.
Incredible.
Amazing
OP posted the photo instead of the painting and thought we wouldn’t notice
I thought it was a photo 'til I read the title
That isnt a painting. No way. But actually, holy shit thats amazinh
This is one of the most amazing paintings I have seen.  It truly looks like a photograph it’s so perfect.  Excellent work!!!!!!
Nah you're lying to me, this is a photograph ...
this looks like my dog
You painted true love!
That’s....
That’s not a painting
There is no way in hell
That that is a painting
And if it is, great job
Oh my this is unreal
Holy shit you are talented. Looks photo realistic. You have done this pup justice and then some In showing his beauty. Great job.
I'd love to be this talented with drawing and painting, but can hardly draw a stick figure.
This is amazing! I thought it was a picture and it's so well painted. You're very talented!
Holy shit! I thought this was a Photo. Amazing!
Jeez I'm staring at it and still my eyes are like "dude this is a photo"
The detail is stunning!
HOW JUST HOW
Ok serious question, how the heck did you paint this? I feel like you have the capability to paint sht like Leonardo and make millions. This is mind blowing for me, the best thing I can draw is a stick man
I know you’ve been asked this 1000 times so maybe I’ll send you a message in a few months, but I’d love a commission if you’re available within the next 6 months! :D incredible job and if you’re not available, that’s okay! Wonderful job!
How much do you charge for such a painting?
I had to stop and really look before I realized it wasn’t a photo lol
Stunning work! How much do you charge? I've been looking for someone to paint some oil on canvas paintings of my dogs. How large is this one?
That my friend is a photo
What painting? All I see is a beautiful picture of a doggo. Awesome work OP!
*zooms in* let’s see if it’s actually a painting. 

Nope, still a photo. Lol this is some next level realism.
How much would you charge for something similar to this? My wife and I have an 11 year old German shepherd/golden mix that might not have the most time left and would love to have something like that
What the hell? From one artist to another, I have serious admiration for what you’ve achieved here! Incredible x
WTF amazing work!
"What? Noo... surely this is a photo?"
**zooms in**
"Oh."
No, it's a picture 

s/
This is a photo taken from a camera. You can try to change my mind but you won’t
Wow, now I just wanna watch this being done from beginning to end. At first glance it looks like an actual photo, insane details!
You’re lying, that’s a photo! (Fantastic job btw)
Wait wtf?! WOW
Shut the front door! This is so good
I legit thought this was a fake post and just a filter. And then I saw your other posts, wtf dude. How is anyone this good at anything
I’m downloading this so I can look at it when I’m sad
Remarkable work you've done man!
This is amazing!
OMG I had to zoom in A LOT to convince myself this was not a photograph.
This is nextfuckinglevel
NO WAY...... I thought that was a picture! That IS a picture right?
Wow!!!! That’s absolutely incredible!
I would've thought it was a photo without the title. Amazing!
No way that's painting!
This is absolutely amazing
Literal witchcraft. How do people do?
Woah.. are you sure this isn’t a pic, I’m so amazed 😳 amazing job!
You PAINTED this??? What???? I can’t even draw this
This is absolutely amazing!!!
Amazing painting.  Look just like my old beloved dog, Lucky.  Thanks for posting!
Wowzers its no longer a painting but a painto half photo half painting
So good
This is a painting? I couldn’t even take a photo this well Op. beautiful work!
Omg, this looks exactly like my dog!!
Keep posting these photorealistic paintings. After enough, I’ll just post a real photo and claim it’s a painting and no one will be the wiser.

Seriously, amazing work.
After careful inspection, i have concluded that this is actually a painting, and not a photo with a filter, as there are some inconsistencies with this photo that only happen when you draw it
Fucking hell wow
I am gonna downvote you for lyng! That is a picture!
Beautiful dog! Nice painting!
I want a dog so Much! I don't have the time or the money to give a dog a proper Home right now:(
I somehow missed the title originally and thought it was a gorgeous photo. This is amazing!
This is an exceptional piece! It’s beautiful! I’d be super proud of this piece, if you’re not already! 
Very well done! ❤️
I only see the picture, wheres the painting....
cute
U gotta be kidding
Do you take commissions?
This is a painting?  Amazing!
bro i can't even tell that's a painting... i thought it to be just a cute picture of a pup. Amazing job nonetheless!!!!
This is absolutely incredible! Wow. You have an almost unbelievable amount of talent. I actually clicked and zoomed in on the picture because I didn't believe it was actually a painting! This is so beautiful. Wonderful job!
This is a PAINTING?! Wow
That's some witch craft.
So can we see the painting?
Nice work!
That is insane talent my dude. Sky is the Limit for you!
No way this is a painting ...
Oh my, this is unbelievable!
That’s totally blindingly brilliant. The snow looks like rock salt it’s so detailed. You have a fantastic talent and hope you get to use and earn good money.
How can a human do this?  It's incredible.
Deadass thought it was a photo
I almost don’t believe you, OP lol

This has to be a photo

/s
Simply amazing
That's beyond amazing!!! I really thought it was a photo at first.
This man out painting Bob Ross
r/nextfuckinglevel
This is wonderful. Just a wow 😁
I've seen a LOT of paintings on Reddit before, many truly astounding. This is the first where I audibly said "WHAT" when I found out it's a painting. Genuinely the most detailed and lifelike painting I've ever seen, hands down. You're truly, truly talented my friend.
Who gave you a photo of my dog?

Seriously looks like they could be twins
This is perfection
That’s amazing
I'm in awe.  How did you get to be SO good at this?  Natural talent gets you part of the way there but this level of excellence suggests a long-time or intensive study of your craft. Either way, it's truly remarkable.
Could you show us the painting?
That’s so good it could be a tracing!
I don’t believe you.gif
Damn he looks almost the same as my old dog and now the feels are hitting me
WTF?  That’s a painting?? I thought it was a photo!
I’m sorry if it’s been asked before, but how big is this?  The details are excellent
Me: “Nah there’s no way”....*zooms in*: “omg the mad lad actually did it”
Picture?! Well done!
❄️ 🐶
Wow.. I‘m actually speechless
Legit thought it was a photo! BRAVO!
That's gotta be a photograph.
amazing!! do you take commissions?
Your drawing is better than a lot of photos taken by camera
Cute dog. Show the painting.
It looks so real!
That is a photo change my mind
This looks 100% like my best friend, whom I lost 8 years ago. Beautiful. Thank you, OP, my day is made. You are extremely talented.
That's amazing!
The level of talent here is breathtaking
AMAZING. this looks like photograph.
THATS PAINT?!? Good lord you’re skilled j thought this was a pic of a dog
Op that’s beautiful brush work, I thought it was. A picture I had to zoom in to see it wasn’t. 10/10
good lord
Damn!
would've never assumed this is a painting. u are a genius fo sure ❤️
Thanks for posting the photo but could you please post the painting as well?
That looks so real!
You misspelled "took a photo of up playing in snow."

Seriously though, this is amazing and I'm quite jealous. Good job.
Holy smokes!! I was gonna say you’re lying but if you zoom in on a random spots you can see it’s a painting.
I tried to swipe thinking this was the original photo and the painting would be next ahah
Amazing!
It almost looks like a photo. Great work!!!
I do enjoy it :0)
I didn’t believe it was painted until I zoomed in. Holy cow this is amazing.
Why doesn't old art look this real?
Please, do not post photographs after title says it's a painting.
Amazing!! Can I ask what brushes you use?
dude even after you said that was a painting i still swiped to see the painting! this is incredible!!!
There is no way this is painted . There isssssss no wayyyyyyyyyyy
Wow great work
You people are waaaaaaay too talented. My god. 

Amazing.
Excuse me

P a I n t i n g?

What drugs are you on and where can I get them
this isn't a painting; this is a picture. god you're so talented. it's so unfair.
Unbelievable!!
Are you still able to see the flaws in your art? Because I'm fucking not
Beautiful!
Oil has always been and will always be my favorite medium. God I miss painting.
That. Cant. Be. A. Painting. O-O
Wow wow wow
This is amazing, you are so talented. Very beautiful.
I refuse to believe that this is a painting, holy molly congratulations!!
Bro that looks exactly like my dog
This might be the most amazing painting that I have ever seen. 

Seriously. Keep doing whatever you are doing.
I love it soooo much <3
Painting?!?!?! Wowwwwzzzeeeerrr. This a beautiful dog and talented artist.
I thought i was on r/pics lmao
Holy shit!
No way really?!? This is amazing!
Very detailed awesome work 👍
Honestly so speechless. Your work is amazing.
Honestly the best painting I’ve ever seen hands down!
They're the same picture
You got to be shitting me! Thats a painting?
Omg this is a painting?! This is unreal i love it!! 😍
this is terrifyingly good! <3
Wait…that’s a painting?…it looks exactly like a picture. That’s amazing
I clicked the pic without reading the title. Thought someone actually took the pic with a camera.
You have to be lying that's just a picture. It's so photo realistic.
You have to be lying that's just a picture. It's so photo realistic.
No sir what you appear to have done is take a picture of the doggo. I see no paint!
You have to be lying that's just a picture. It's so photo realistic.
GOD DAMN THATS GOOD
You have to be lying that's just a picture. It's so photo realistic.
That is a picture stupid. Zoom in.
