He deserves a good back scratch
That first guy who threw some scraps of meat to the wolf that hung around camp but didn't attack anyone really did humanity a solid.
My ex gf had one of these assistance dogs. If anyone is curious... Dogs for good in the UK

Honestly it's not only the physical things they help with. He did wonders for her self esteem and made her far more independent. She had her independence snatched from her at 24 and I don't think people realise the effect these animals have on someone who's had to go through that terrible experience. 

It's a shame they are funded by charity because there is a finite amount and there are so many people who could benefit from the genuine love and companionship an assistance dog can give. 

I'll always donate to them.

Had one or two ask for a link to the charity - https://www.dogsforgood.org

They do good things for people. Fill your boots reddit. :)
To the people complaining about this person filming rather than helping—this dog could still be in training. Intervening could’ve interrupted the trainer’s work with the dog. It might also have made the trainer uncomfortable since the whole reason they have the dog is so that they can be more independent. The trainer and the dog had the situation handled and very likely may have preferred that no one intervened.

ETA: Thank you to the people in the replies who expanded on why you shouldn’t disrupt a person and their service dog. Y’all said what I was thinking but didn’t manage to fully articulate. I also appreciate those of you who pointed out the issues with filming without permission. I think this thread is a great one for educating people about how to show respect to people with disabilities.
Now if I could only get him to pick up my beer without drinking it, we’d be golden!
how many shitty meme catchphrases can you fit into one title
Can we please ban the phrase "I'm not crying, you're crying" from Reddit?
It's there an award for such an unoriginal shitty title?
Jesus christ talk about a title ripped straight out of /r/circlejerk
[deleted]
Why do people keep saying "we don't deserve dogs" when they see a dog being nice.
Yes we do deserve them. This is such a stupid phrase that I only see on Reddit
I love this and it’s really sweet,  but I’m kind of tired of hearing about how we “don’t deserve dogs.” They are amazing and wonderful and the sweetest and we absolutely do deserve them.
Wow you didn’t even try to fit a third unoriginal Reddit caption in that title. Bravo!
I really hate titles like this. If watching a service dog makes you cry then you really need to get out more.
I don't think I've seen a more annoying title on Reddit
Who tf in here crying over a dog picking up a bottle lmao
Shit tile
This dog is fully trained by Canine Companions for Independence. They're doing a dollar for dollar for donations up to $150,000 currently. It is a non-profit organization that trains service dogs with tasks for many different conditions. 

PSA: if you see a service dog working in public, do not speak to the dog, do not touch the dog, do not take a picture or video of the dog, and do not make noises at the dog unless you have explicit permission from the handler. This video unfortunately appears to be "sneaked," based on the angle of the camera. Whether or not this was sneaked, please do not sneak any videos of your own. It's a terrible breach of privacy, whether it's legal or illegal in your area to video without permission.
Hey! Fellow wheelchair user who also has a dog from CCI (canine companions for independence; cci.org) here! I’m seeing a number of comments about “but why the choke collar!?” I just want to clarify that it is a prong collar, and that it is a standard tool for training and behavioral correction. CCI uses/requires them, and they treat their dogs like royalty and are professionals when it comes to training dogs, so I trust them. 

Also, I have a wonderful bond with my CCI service dog and can read his moods almost as well as I read my own. Trust me when I say that when I use the prong collar, it does not hurt him. I would know if it did, and would not use it. Its purpose is to alert and remind the dog to focus. It is not sharp, and pushes on the back of the neck (which is not sensitive) when used. 

These dogs are extremely well cared for and loved, and the prong collar is a great tool - the two are not mutually exclusive.
Why does a service dog have a prong collar?
Yeah we do fucking deserve dogs, humans have been in harmony with dogs for 15,000 years and training them to do shit like this. Humans are directly responsible for their behaviour
Wow we don't deserve dogs, did you make that up yourself? So creative.
YES WE DO, we bred them to be this way
PSA from a trainer:

Your dog who you want to be an ESA, so you can take in public (which you actually can't), actively makes it HARDER for people with service dogs to have access to public spaces. 

Emotional Support Animals do not have public access rights, and are not allowed in places where service dogs are. An Emotional Support Animal is not a service dog, and lying by slapping a vest on them is wrong. In fact in some states you can be fined and imprisoned for claiming your dog is a service dog. 
>A handful of states also make it a crime to pretend that you are a person with a disability who is entitled to have a service animal or assistance dog with you. If your state makes it illegal to impersonate or pretend to be a person with a disability, you might get into trouble over keeping an emotional support animal. To have an emotional support animal in rental housing, under the federal Fair Housing Act, you must have a disability. (Likewise, to bring an emotional support animal on a plane, under the Air Carrier Access Act, you must have a disability.) If you lie about having a disability in order to keep your animal, you could run afoul of this type of state law.

ESAs, or dogs who's owners have labeled them as ESAs, actively damage the reputations of service dogs. Additionally they can pose a threat to legitimate service animals (I personally know people who had to retire their service dogs early because of behavioral issues that stemmed from being attacked multiple times by ESAs in public spaces).

A service dog is a working animal that has been trained to do specific tasks. These may be for people with visible disabilities, such as the dog in the video, or they may be for people with invisible disabilities like ptsd. A service dog will never have to be shushed by it's owner, dragged away from something, scolded, or otherwise be doing anything else in public other than being a sort of living doggy furniture waiting for a task or actively doing a task.

It irks me to no end to see entitled owners using their dogs as security blankets and calling their neurotic little barking purse dog their support animal and bringing them into public places.
The dog is adorable. But it's kind of awkward that someone was randomly filming this person's service dog through a window.
Can someone explain to me this? Why is this service dog wearing a choke collar?

Edit: is it for training purposes, maybe?
The bestest boi
This is kind of creepy filming this covertly through a window...?
We have a service animal (Guide Dog Foundation / VetDogs).  They’re all trained (for 2 years) for a specific disability - and specific skills that will benefit their owner.  Ours is able to do this (“bring”), as well as open the container.  He likes to sneak a lil taste when we tell him to open!

He can open doors (with the right handles), press the wheelchair button for automated doors, “brace” to assist with balance, and more that I’m forgetting.  All of this on top
Of his primary job which is detecting and alerting to an incoming seizure.  During seizure he will “guard” to keep people from stepping on my husband.
We made these creatures what they are. We made them to serve us
We saw a working service dog last month. I had to tell our 3 year old daughter not to go pet him, he was on duty. It took everything she had not to want to run over there and pet him, but she restrained herself.

She did kind of go nuts with our dogs once we got home, though
THIS IS the reason we deserve dogs. A higly trained and well cared for service dog accomplishes its task by doing its best to caaarefully lift a bottle to a human who needs its assistance. This is why humans and dogs have had a mutually benefitial friendship for thousands of years.
I deserve a dog and I'm not crying
... They way this is filmed makes me feel uncomfortable. Like someone is crouching on the floor filming someone who doesn't know he's being filmed just because his service dog is doing something cute
[deleted]
Spike collars are bullshit. Still though very cute.
Let’s not sell ourselves short. Looks like there is hard evidence by the existence of dogs that we, in fact, do deserve dogs.
Isn't there a universal "no pictures" rule with service dogs? I know some people get really upset about this. I'm not judging and if OP got permission/knows this person, good on them. Just a thing I learned from r/dogswithjobs.
I like how he does a little sniff to confirm his bite location
Dogs are literally the best thing that have happened to humans
Can we stop saying “WE DON’T DESERVE DOGS!!!!!!!! 😭😭😭😭😭” We literally bred them to be the way they are.
Dogs are the best
Why are you crying over a dog picking up a water bottle lol
Gonna be that person - spike collars, if someone wants to qualify using them, are for training. That dogs not in training as shown by his vest. Why does he have a spike collar??
This is a true service dog, unlike these "emotional support " animals screwing it up for the true working dogs.
So gentle!!
Bless him. They are amazing dogs.
He's so careful it's so cute!
He licks his lips like "yeah that's what I do"
So gently picking it up too!
You da real mvp

Heckin doggerino

Upboated
I need somebody to remind me, every time there's a cute animal video on Reddit, to never look at the comments.
Never a second thought. Just did it.
I actually said ‘c’mon bud you got this’ while watching...good dog
My sister works for this organization, and I can confirm all of the dogs are just this lovely. It takes some special pooches to do the things they do
Yeah we don’t deserve an animal we selectively bred
r/titlegore
A good boy like that definitely does not deserve to be put in a prong collar.
r/titlegore
Best boy.
I especially like after how it gives it and it’s taken, the immediate look away and lip smack of satisfaction.  He knows he did good.
Looks like maybe a golden retriever? I'm told they are even more inclined to be sweet and concerned about their master and really great for children. Perfect temperament for service dogs. This is a heartwarming video. Very nice
I'm curious. The dog seem really slow. Is he trained to be this careful?
I mean... It's probably trained to do exactly tasks like that.
Two of the worst phrases shit-mashed into one title. Congrats
Um ... well that person deserves THIS dog. Or at least, needs it. Probably appreciates it and hopefully treats it very well! 

Hail doggies!
I lost my mom last year to ALS. The holidays aren't the same anymore without her. This just broke the fuck out of me. I am crying horribly.
Yes, OP, I know you're crying, I'm crying, we all are crying.
this is a true service dog.

they are the apex of all of the years of evolution of wild beasts to what they are today.

and for everyone that has a "service animal" that you self labeled as such so you can take it out it public-
shame on you. 

people who really need and rely on their service animal have to put up with dirty stares and worse because of your actions. 


and a special thank you to all of you trainers that do the work that you do to ensure that the beast you are training can perform like the caretaker in this video did
Dogs and humans have coexisted and influenced each other for 50,000 years.

We shaped each other.

You never hear someone say, “we don’t deserve wolves” after they eat your babies.
What a good workingboi
My mom is a puppy raiser for an organization here in the midwest. Since the person who raised them as a puppy gets second pick (behind the person who they worked for) when they have to retire, I get to hang out with the retirees who are always so happy to show off their old tricks. They always want to be helping people any way they can and will jump at the chance to do little things like take your socks off or pick up a card you dropped.
The goodest boy
We can both cry homie, it's cool
I’m sorry you don’t think you deserve dogs, u/BufordTeeJustice . You must be a truly awful person to not deserve dogs, and I’d argue it but you likely know yourself better than I do 

Feel free to turn your life around, so you can join the rest of us dog lovers
I want to pet him as a reward but I know I should leave him alone to so his job:(
That there is a pretty damn good boy.
Look how careful he is! Omg
He is so gentile picking up the bottle too.
My pitch black German shepherd protects my newborn baby girl with his life, we literally went to a local park to test it by place my gorgeous lil baby girl on the floor in the middle of a dog park and 😱

Obviously didn't want to leave my princess on the floor to long but Galileo circled her the entire time making sure no other dog or human could get ANYWHERE near her apart from me and my wife.

I kind of lost a best friend and gained a baby security guard.
What a sweet fucking pupperoni! Give it scratches
What a good boy
This is soooo wholesome
Awww the dog is so gentle, he deserves a treat!
Hey I can pick up people's water bottles too. Does that mean I get love?...  please someone.. please love me....
So gentle, so patient, so careful. You’re right, I am crying 😭❤️
Downvoted for the stupid fucking title
Can we talk about how the person filming this didn’t bother to go outside and help?
Real hydrohomie right there
Idk what’s there to cry about when the dog is trained to do that
Why the guy who is recording isn't helping?
Omd, oh my dog, that is dogly
Whenever I watch videos of sweet dogs like this one, I always follow it up by giving my dog pets and hugs.
Awww, he's trying to be so careful because it could be anything and he was taught not to damage it. That's just precious. We DON'T deserve dogs
We don't deserve dogs
Service dogs are the best. My wife is a guide dog trainer and I have been privileged to meet about 200 of her students so far. We adopted one of them and she’s the beat dog ever
Instead of recording it wouldn’t have hurt to help
Well this Is the dogs job So i mean...
We deserve dogs just not all of us cause some people r cruel
[deleted]
two epic memes in ONE title xD
This is a highly trained (and highly expensive) dog that this person purchased so that they could be more independent. This dog is doing exactly what it has been trained to do. The human being filmed here (likely without their permission) absolutely deserves that dog. This post is incredibly dehumanizing.
How exactly is this r/aww?
Serious question. Do these types of dogs still get to go run about and have fun aside from being service dogs? Any time I see them they seem subdued.
Wdym ‘we don’t deserve dogs’ we invented them.
I think the most impressive part is el doggo actively problem solving and changing their method of grabbing the bottle. That's really cool
I disagree with your claim that this person doesn't deserve a dog
Isn’t that what it’s trained to do?
I’ll be the bad guy here and admit that I’m upset about the fact that instead of going and propose help, the person decided to just take out its phone and film the dog. 
I mean sure it’s really cute and the dog is trained well, but the person filming could’ve also go out and help or just not film the scene at all.
I upvoted you op for the video than i took it back cause you think we don't deserve dogs, like in the saying that disabled person doesn't deserve a dog he can love and be loved by him.

I don't get persons like you, you see the man-dog relationship as some thing one sided from the dog but in almost every situation it's a symbiotic relationship, the dogs get the home, the food and hygiene, on the other hand human gets a little one that cares about him, a mental and in some cases physical support.

So i hope you grow out of your habit someday to use cliche phrases to get karma here and get a dog you deserve
Why the choke collar tho?
I hate that I can never pet working dogs. I understand that they are at work and should not be distracted. I just want to pay them in pets for doing a good job.
Good boi
Filming a service dog without the handlers permission is kinda gross

Edit. They’re not there to be your entertainment, to videotape and to post on the Internet. They just want to go outside and live life as normally as possible. Making a spectacle of them by videoing is rude.
So gentle and soft
I has a job! They pay me in kibble & skritches!
CCI FTW!
N.e.a.d.s dogs are awesome!
Good boy. ❤️
Are you saying this kid doesn't deserve that dog? Pretty harsh man.
The bestest boy.
Dogs are better people than people
yeah, such a special animal: so much love in such a small package
Beautiful plain and simple gg doggie
Dogs are better people than most people I know.
People who say we don’t deserve dogs can fuck off yes we do
He’s a good boy
Oh my heart
I definitely didn't cry. I just got dust in both my eyes.
My service dog is from this neighboring trainer place (ECAD)! They’re probably recording for the handler to see later, we had lots of clips and they were all shown during the ceremony when training is complete! This dog is doing very well sticking to the task, some things are just awkward to pick up and take time for the dogs. If this was recorded randomly, I think the fact that the handlers face wasn’t shown is a huge deal. I hate being recorded and people do record me with my girl and I can’t really stop them but it makes me uncomfortable. Best way to get a video is to just ask the handler, I’m happy to let people take videos or photos of my girl doing tasks as long as they as and I’m not in it!
No, we don’t deserve them for sure. Dogs truly are man/woman’s best friend.
Humans made dogs into what they are, so I’d say we earned them
service dogs are something special
"Well that dog isn't that special! I can do the same too!"
I mean that is his job
Why are you crying over this...it's not like he's a random house dog. He's trained/training for this.
What a good boy!!
He’s so gentle to not mess it up
Crying. Yes
That was the slowest pick up of anything by a dog I've ever seen, including other service dogs.  Kinda frustrating tbh lol
Oh wow it picked something up big whoop, if a human did that you wouldnt bat an eye
Good boy
We don’t deserve babies like this. He’s so patient and gentle with his best friend. So sweet ♥️
[r/hydrohomies](http://www.reddit.com/r/hydrohomies)
Such a hard-working and diligent pup!
He is the chosen one. He will bring peace and balance.
what a smart worker!
I had a German Shepherd trained to recognize when I was about to have a panic attack, she would gently jump up and place her head on my chest, and stay there until I calmed down.  It looked hilarious because she was 120 lbs, and I’m 140 dripping wet.  We really don’t deserve our furry heroes
Am I the only one wondering why the person behind the camera stood there filming instead of helping?
Maybe they had a good reason but... I dunno seems rude to me
Omg it’s so sweet how gentle he is and slow so he doesn’t make any mistakes I’m so happy and sad at the same time
The goodest of boys. Boop all of the snoots. 13/10 doggo.
Water good puppers
*Pupper, taught as partner,*  
*picks up fallen liquids.*  
*We, of Fido's fealty*  
*fervid, undeserving.*
Who would drink out of that water bottle with dog slobber all over it? 
Oh. Me. Definitely me. And I’d smother that good poppy with kisses and loving.
u/savevideo
So gentle
Such a gentle, careful boy. Good pup!
So where is that comment about not interacting with service dogs? There's always a point about that somewhere
That’s not a good boy. That’s the best boy!
r/DontHelpJustFilm
Im nOt CrYiNg YoUr CrYiNg
❤️❤️❤️
Awwww. Good boy
A true professional. Hope they get a raise.
Forever a dog person
r/donthelpjustfilm
Amazing doggo. I love him
ein Feini
Dogs bring out the best in us
Give that good boi all the treats!
My dog doesn't deserve me... Ah fuck it, of course she does! I'm still mad that I woke up at 5am to being pushed out of bed though!
u/savevideo
Hello dear
Is that a prong collar? If so, why?
As a 100% cat person, I have to say: He's such a good boy!
Bless
Haha forgetting Sarah Marshall!
so sweet 🥺
Good boy/girl
He deserves a treat and a new toy!
Oh my gosh that’s the cutest thing
I hope the person in the wheelchair is ok
r/dogswithjobs
The very best boy 🥺
The best good boy ever.
We deserve each other.
GOOD BOI!
That dog is sooooo gentle 😞
What a good boy!
Basically, I’m just looking for some attention and someone to share everything with. All I want is companionship, be your mentor and having someone to talk to, make me smile while I also take care of all your needs and place you on a weekly allowance for now until I’m able to figure out time for us to meet if you wish
Best babey
r/DontHelpJustFilm
Yeah this person doesn't deserve that dog for putting a fucking choker chain on em.
The goodest boi!!
Well that needs a redesign.
I’m not crying but I feel it!
I felt so sad when the poor thing tried to pick it up on his first time, then just looked so defeated when he didn't manage to. But was _so happy_ when he did manage it. A job well done by a very very good dog.
r/donthelpjustfilm
Aww who’s a god boi
To bad she can't give it to him
Thanks for this. These are the examples to remind us what's important.
r/donthelpjustfilm
r/dogswithjobs
I'm sorry I can't give good boy reward.
The US seriously needs to start observing Kukur Tihar.
Attach a rubber pom to everything you might drop, doggo will have it back to you in less rhan a second
This is cute but at the same time I hope the person filming had permission because filming a service dog while they're working with someone is kinda rude.
I’m not crying, it’s this puppies job and it’s friggin awesome at it. Best boy right there.
So true...dogs are precious and deserve better
He's trained to do that.
I cried a little
Animals are capable of great evil and great good. Humans are capable of even greater evil and even greater good. Cute video!
He deserves a good belly rub
\*I halp\*
Doggie was unsure what to do there for a moment!  Haha.
They could assuredly do better than us humans!
/u/savevideo
You’re right. I am crying
Oh, good boy!! 🥰
He needs a raise!
❤️❤️❤️
Dogs are just like humans, but without the crap.
u/vredditshare
Doggo's so gentle too! <3
Waaaht.  Just let humans die and let another more far loving and compasionate creature be burdened with the ramifications of killing all the humans.
Good doggo!
r/ImNotCryingYouAre
Then do we not deserve friends
Do you think he knows that the pressure of his teeth will peirce it and he's not struggling but adapting? Good boy/girl
Who’s a good boy?!?! ❤️
Who's a good doggy... Aaw !! love
Could you be anymore vanilla. I'M NOT CRYING YURE CRYING
Thank the universe for veterinary dentists, who protect such important teefers
Such a good and gentle boy!
r/donthelpjustfilm
Dogs don't deserve us. They're lucky we put up with their obnoxious barking, disgusting smell and licking, and stupid behavior
Good boy 🐶
He’s got a head bump like goofy!
ffs help that poor boy/girl not record the dog doing it
He’s the best boi!
Why are people crying?
Someone get that dog opposable thumbs!
r/hydrohomies
People that say we don't deserve dogs are more than likely soy boys
Awe so gentle
Awww
Smart pup! 🥰❤️😍
it is the best friend in the world, really.
Nope. Don't need to cry today.
Weird title for this video of a dog handing a water bottle to a human on wheels, but cool video
Am I the only one who hates these “we dont deserve dogs (or whatever animal)” type of titles? Like wtf dude
Man tears came out
What a good fucking boy
Well I mean Labbers are the best dogs. They are *the* dog.
Yes, we do deserve dogs. Because being a human being is hard. We're crap to each other, and crap to ourselves. We deserve dogs.
what a good boy
Omg WHO'S A GOOD BOI
I'm just here to hate on OP for the shitty title
My dog would do the absolute opposite
But thats what make them happy. Helping us...
I'm crying!
Bruh is there a filter for reddit to skip emotional posts .
Mans best friend
The bestest of bois!
So gentle with that thermos. The goodest boi
Awww, now I'm crying . Beautiful pupper . This is the sort of item that belongs  in awww .
That dog is slow and slobbering like hell.
He's the goodest boy.
I have never wanted to  upvote something so much in my life
This... made you cry?...
That’s a good boy🥺
I watched a video where the support dog scooted under it's owner while he was having a seizure.
Funny thing, dogs developed specific facial expressions for us. Wolves and wild animals don't have that.
It's a two way road. My mom's support dog gets a 100$ facial scrub and pedicure with her monthly bath.
It is a two way road honestly.
The problem solving on this dog is pretty interesting to say the least.
Petthedamndog would love this
Shut up
I raised a puppy for this organization, Canine Companions for Independence. He just graduated advanced training and got matched with the person he'll be assisting. He is the absolute sweetest dog you'd ever meet!
I know you’re not supposed to approach service dogs but I just want to give them all the pets, treats and scratchies
The goodest boy
HES SO SMART GOOD JOB
If humans always acted in such a way as to be deserving of the affection dogs show us, earth would be a truly wonderful place.
He deserves alot of belly rubs 🥺🥺🥺
r/donthelpjustfilm
I think it would better for canines and humans, if we humans made use of canine cognition to give them more fulfilling lives than just treating them as living stuffed animals.
Poor baby I think he’s getting old. How beautifully loyal
No, I am crying
Speak for yourself. I'm definitely crying.
Oh I love CCI
That is such a sweet guy, he is being as gentle as possible with the bottle and he deserves so much love.
I have the same water bottle
CCI dogs rule!
Why didn’t you just go help
say that line a million more times and i still dont think we deserve them
These titles are so cliche. I’m not crying, you are blah blah. 

Why you cry? I think it’s amazing 

/rant
This made me feel more grateful, thank you for this it made my day.
My dog would be picking up beer cans all the time...
My mom has been getting CCI service dogs since they first started with 1 training center in CA. Her first was a standard poodle named Lazer 35 years ago and was smarter than most humans. He had 89 basic commands. I still dream about him.
Welp, that's me in the fetal position for the rest of the  year. 😢
The single best thing to happen to anyone is the existence of dogs.  I hope that aliens have dogs.  Dogs should come complementary with any planet with life capable to host it.
I'd argue that we do diserve them bc WE MADE THEM.
This dog is far better than millions of humans.
People say, dog is man's best friend. This dog has proved it. 😊
Someone tell r/HydroHomies
The moment the dog finally grasped the handle at the top I actually said, out loud, in an empty room, "there we go! Good boooooy!"
Give this dog a hug.
/r/DontHelpJustFilm kind
I really gotta be careful scrolling reddit while doing postmates.. I’m currently crying in the corner of a restaurant waiting for someone’s order right now..
Good doggie ❤️
Why are you crying though?
Shut up your crying not me
Wow. He’s so careful.
Nice job  shoving two annoying reddit memes into one title.
If I get a dog I'm never keepin him in chains
I put a special tab on my water bottle so my assistance dog can pick it up easier, I love seeing other teams working ❤❤❤
1. Lay down
2. Try not to cry
3. Cry alot
No he deserves a very good life with love!
Thanks I’m crying that’s so wholesome
TvT
Good boy doesn't give up
Is someone cutting onions?
we MADE dogs, you think that was easy? We deserve them.
How awful must we be that we deserve reddit video?
He's so gentle :')
I feel like that is hard on their teeth
Oh I’m crying and that’s ok!
You need a different water bottle. Or put a grip around it for the pup
Buy a smaller water bottle ffs!
He's sooooo gentle too!
r/wholesome
Can your cat do that? I didnt think so
A good boy doing good work. Gotta love working dogs.
One heck of a good boi
Awww what a nice doggy!😍
If humans were this compassionate ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Marvelous dog!
Yay
Does the dog have a reddit. I wanna give him all my coins
What a good boy
I wonder where do humans stand when compared for good heart with animals, any animal you take and do take care of him/her they will never betray you. Humans are just pathetic
I love him
bruh omg
Its how gentle he is about it that really gets me .
Mine was 5 years old and Died Yesterday
❤️
My hart
My dog is 100% my best friend. He's been apart of our family for 7 years, and couldn't imagine life without him. We got him as extra security after our house was broken into, but he's so much more. We definitely don't deserve them
Oh look at that good boy
No fuck you your crying
Why didnt the person recording help them?
The dog's like "God damnit Gary quit dropping shit"
That is an insightful and beautiful post... More people need to open their hearts and minds, to keep their souls....💜💜
SMH cats would never do this 🥺
That's actually in his job description... Didn't realize how passionately he would do it. Definitely needs some good head scritches
I'm a contractor for the department of veterans affairs and we have a patient that comes in with a PTSD dog and sometimes he falls asleep in the chair while he's waiting for his appointment and I go out and call his name and his dog bolts right up while his owner is fast sleep in the chair and I tell the patient sometimes your dog reacts better than you to your own name and he says yeah I know and he starts laughing.
A lot of people are different, a lot of people are hurtful, and we can only hope there are more better people than the hurtful people, but most importantly the good people can all agree that dogs have held our sanity for centuries and we DO NOT DESERVE IT
No way Dude its definitely you that's crying ,😭😭😭
Can’t help but feel like that bottle choice is a horrible choice for both the owner & pup but still very cute how he figured it out. Good boy.
Hydration pupper
Fuck it. I’m crying
That good dog was so patient!
Who the HELL IS CHOPPING ONIONS!
A friend of mine with a service dog showed me that she's trained her dog to pick up coins that she dropped. Demonstrated with a dime! For those not in the US, that's our smallest sized coin. Wow.
I deserve my dog, and my dog deserves me.
U/nmcatlord
they are way better than we humans ever will be. Need to learn alot from them to not being so selfish. They all have wings and are angels
What a good boi.
Absolutely - this is pure beauty!!!
VERY GOOD BOIO
I love dogs. But that’s this dogs job. He’s been trained to do this.
A doggo con jobbo
Can you imagine a cat doing this?
That's one hell of a good boy
!remindme 1 month 2 weeks
Good doggo.
Too cute. I may, when im older, be able do get a service doggo due to my autism. I really hope I can because I love service doggies. Too loving...
refuse to watch, but im up-vottën by faith not sight..
Love dogs
I love and trust my dog more than any person.
r/titlegore
69 silvers
A dude I worked with had an assistance dog (he was in a wheelchair). It could get him beers from the fridge. He had a rope tied to the door so he could open it. The reason he had it was due to him accident he would have spasms that would throw him out of his wheelchair. The dog would get help if required.
This is so cute
Yes we do not deserve such loyal creatures that will do anything they can help you
The Lord stated we have dominion over animals. Dogs are lucky to have humans.
What a sweet boy.
😭😭😭 Ohhhh my heart is doing that thing againnn
Looks like maybe a golden retriever? I'm told they are even more inclined to be sweet and concerned about their master and really great for children. Perfect temperament for service dogs. This is a heartwarming video. Very nice
😭
Dogs are amazing
I feel like a lanyard could really help this guy out in situations like this
omg so sweet
Best thing on the interent today I wonder how on Earth they are so kind
the best video of this week!!
Sure, now it is covered in dog spit.
lovely [***feeding dog canned chicken***](https://petcare4all.com/dogs/can-dogs-eat-canned-chicken/)
You are right about something. I am crying.
your right, i am crying! X,D
[deleted]
This sweetheart is so patient, and doesn't give up and puts 100 % effort. So lovely :)) made my day.
PLEASE DO NOT FILM PEOPLE WITH DISABILITIES OR THEIR SERVICE ANIMALS WITHOUT THEIR PERMISSION!!!  


That's really rude and shitty.
I HAVE TRAINED DOGS FOR THAT ORGANIZATION!!!!!!
Wow, so gentle. Dogs are amazing
ahhh such a good boy!
I was cheering him on the whole time!
So gentle. Awwww
Dogs are the best thing to happend to humans.
Goodest boy
r/dogswithjobs
Good dog!!!
Now *THATS* a GOOD boy!
Aww that's so sweet!
What a sweet puppy ❤️
r/dogswithjobs
So gentle!
The most handsome boy
"I'm sorry it took so long. I wish I had thumbs." - that good dog
One of my best friends in college trained service dogs from when they were a puppy to when they were given to their veteran. 

The command for picking something up that was dropped was “uh oh!”

It was super cute to watch her drop something, go uh oh! And watch the dog get excited that he picked it up right!
So gentle
Awwww!!♥️♥️♥️
What a good dog.

On another note I would feel like a jerk for filming this and not helping, but that’s just me. I don’t think OP is a jerk though.
It's so careful picking it up so it won't break it 😭😩😩
Notice how gentle that dog was!!!!
I knew waiting to open my free reward box was worth it, have the rocket like!
Omg 🥺
I heard these dogs can cost around $25k for complete assistance. It's usually covered by insurance policies under these circumstances.
Probably hurts his teeth. :( Good doggo!
Why was he so slow??
I know he's a POS, but I always love the Louis CK bit about people saying they are like dogs.

"People say dogs are like us, but, let's be honest, people are fucking cats."

So fucking true.
I mean, isn't that gross? There is saliva all over the water bottle now.
Heeee’s soooo gentleeee 😭😭😭
Ur not. Good boy . Ur the best boi ( I don't care what gender it is . It's the best )
We don’t deserve a breed of utterly subservient animals who have been trained from birth the obey commands? Who have been bred fro thousands of years to be subservient?
I deserve Dogs. I do. The furry fams I call them have been under great support.
I really dislike my neighbours, they are ugly people inside and out. Not long after we moved in they screamed at us to stop my dog barking (he was playing), so they don't like him either. 

Yet the minute anyone comes into their yard he doesn't know, he's into guard dog mode.
The most softest bite ever
Had this been made with slow mo, and sad violin music, I definitely woulda been bawling
Whoever is filming why not help?
r/dogswithjobs has many more good bois like this! Dogs are precious -w-
I love what you’ve said here and I’d like to point out that these thoughts you have just displayed are actually some of the core fundamental ideas behind Buddhist practices, as well as many other religions, big and small! If people would just give an extra 10% every day to be a nicer more positive person, there’s no telling how much farther we advance as a species, together. I think people fail to understand that we ARE all in this together, whether we see each other on the daily, know each other, love each other, or hate each other. If we all do better, life gets better for all of us.
Why does a service dog have that collar on?
Im gonna download this and the next person i see saying "DoGs ArE wOrThLeSs" im gonna show them this
That's an assist dog ain't it. Like a service help dog. It's what they were trained to do. Pointless to say we don't deserve dogs when they do something we trained them to do.
Go out there and help the dog, stop filming for reddit karma
why would you drink from that after being in an animal's mouth
I’m not crying, you’re crying! 😭
Service dogs are always going to be the killer advantage for Team Dog. No matter what kind of mental gymnastics Team Cat does, they will never have service cats. Unless they move the goal posts and define service cats as companions that will bite you and cause you bodily harm for stepping outta line.
Why not throw a fAIth iN hUmAnity ReStOReD or a WhOs CuTtInG OnIoNS to this obnoxious title.
Really couldn't pick between the two most unoriginal titles possible, huh? Lmao
Why didn’t this person just walk out the door and hand it to the guy.
r/donthelpjustfilm just seems...wrong
r/donthelpjustfilm
>We don't deserve dogs...

The Hell I don't.  I saved my lil dude from the streets of Shanghai and spent thousands of dollars to get his ass out of there.  I'm such a slave to his walks I've got blisters all over my feet. In the Summer I have to wake up at 5am so he doesn't get hot outside during his morning walk.  I buy him pricey dog food and supplement even that with fresh vegetables and meats.  My living room is overrun with toys that I can't bare to throw out, because you never know when he's going to rediscover one of them and have an absolute blast playing with an oldie.  I have to sleep on the edge of my bed because he worms his way into most of my spot.  I have to sit awkwardly on the couch so he can lay between my legs and get his head over my thigh.  I hire a house sitter to stay with him when I'm away on trips, so he can stay home and feel comfortable.  I literally redesigned my balcony into a garden wonderland just in case Covid lockdowns kept us from going on walks.  I pick up his shit with my hands, separated only by thin plastic, and have occasionally resorted to using spare plant matter when he decided to surprise me with extra poops.  

I'm out there earning this wonderful bastard every day as best as I can, and I'm sure I'm not alone.
I'm shocked there are any support dog organizations that promote prong collars.
Get that dog a more bite friendly water bottle!
What kind of chain is that around the dogs neck tho??
[removed]
[deleted]
Instead of helping your standing there filming.
I hope he received an infinite belly rub afterwards
Dogs are the absolute best
Aww! He's the bestest boy
God damn that’s a good doggo
This boi deserves the world
I guess you can't really be both handicapped and a germaphobe,
Omg, could he take any longer?
I really hate the 'We don't deserve Dogs' thing, yes we absolutely do.
good doggo 🥺
Good Boi.....yes you are good boi!!!
Um why is there a full on choke chain on this dog though???
[deleted]
It's a shame that animals are still enslaved. Because they are cheap and defenseless.

This is also nothing more than systematic karma farming (the poster has over 2 million karma).
The best of doogos
I will make sure If I come across another duo like this I will suggest make everything so that the dog can grab them
He seems like he's an old boy/girl. They bring such happiness to the worst or saddest scenarios.
I believe.......any one of us would have done the same.  But...not as methodically.
I can imagine a team of 12 guide dogs pulling a person in a wheelchair. Iditarod style
Dog slobber on my water bottle.
My dog does this, more violently and with her rope. While I’m laying in bed and she wants to play. Last time she gave me a concussion.
I always feel kinda bad for  these service dogs. They seem so depressed.
And people think cats are better 😤
r/donthelpjustfilm
I know nobody cares about my opinion but this is why I don't eat animals❤️They are individuals just like us✨✨✨
Would that hurt his teeth/mouth
Two trite phrases in one title!  It’s doubly unoriginal.
u/savethisvideo
OMG where are his ankles????
That's a literal service dog trained to do shit like this
We deserve robots that can do this better.
/r/circlejerk
We absolutely need and deserve dogs. Why else would the heavens, bless us with a piece of eternal life, on earth?
Whoever film this prolly should have helped......as usual.
Stop filming and help pick up that dude's water bottle, you absolute dipshit!🤦‍♂️
And yet people still wanna get cats, which are objectively useless
15/10 best good boi
We honestly really do not deserve dogs. They’re just so fckn awesome.
Edit. Someone clearly doesn’t like dogs. Thanks for the down votes. Go get a hug off someone, stranger.
Right in the feels ....
I can't cry like this before work!
I dunno. Seemed he was kinda gold bricking to me. Padding it out, a purposeful slowdown to accrue more treats per hour with less work.
Yep and that poor dog does not deserve a fucking prong collar!
I’m not looking, I don’t want to cry today
People who saw animals are dumb are completely wrong. They are in fact caring and smart and territorial. My aunt has 2 Boston terriers and they are family. When I go over they go crazy to see me. It’s awesome. Nonjudgmental and give you nothing but love. This is why dog is God spelled backwards. I would have a hard time not giving this dog a hug. I know we can’t because they are working dogs.
That is such a wonderful Dogo. They are simply the best!
🥺
❤️❤️❤️
❤️❤️❤️
[deleted]
Yes we do deserve dogs, without us they wouldn’t exist. That’s no ordinary dog too. All dogs are great but most dogs cannot be trained to do special tasks like that on a continuous basis. Those dogs are special.
Why is this aww? This dog is trained to do this. It's literally it's job.
Aw jeez. Didnt this would get me. It got me.. 
 You're right.
Am I the only one who gets sad when they see a service animal?!
Omg they have a "training" collar on him that's so fucked🤬😤
Dogs ARE the Best Animals on the planet. CATS SUCK !!!!!
This is super sweet I'm just really upset about the spike collar. Those are just plain cruel
No....man does not deserve such a trusting loyal best friend as dog.
So true
Definitely don't deserve dogs if you have to use a torture device for any reason. Any person found using prong collars or shock collars should be banned from animal  ownership. Animal cruelty is never acceptable. This is disgusting. The poor dog is terrified its going to be corrected. Evil. Simply evil.
Well fuck now I'm crying too. Thanks.
You’re not crying?! I’m crying!
bruh. we all crying.
Ugh I'm shocked that this dog is in a prong collar, clearly even service dogs aren't trained properly across the pond. Explains why this dog is working in such a slow lethargic manner. Evil.
I live to be your best friend.
deserves a hundred treats, with many more on the way
My freaking heart
Damn ninjas cutting onions
oh mah  goooOOOoooooOoOOOd
Fuck man😔
If only humans could be more like dogs
BG DOG BRAIN!!! :-0
Good boy
Edit: who the heck downvoted this? Are you saying he is not a good boy??
