Taking naps/sleeping with your pet is the *best*
Whenever my cat sleeps with me, one of two things tends to happen. Either I wake up on the edge of the bed, with my cat’s head in the middle of the pillow, or, I wake up hotter than the fiery passion of a thousand burning suns because some 100 degree jerk decided to cuddle my face, neck and chest all night.
No one needs to pee??
This was my nightly sleeping with my cat. I got him when I was 18. He lived almost sixteen years. You just have to add in my kid I had along the way. It went from me in bed, to me and mini meow in bed, to me and mini meow and my kid. 

Now it's down to me and my kid. We miss our old man min.

Edit for clarity
I find it pretty unrealistic that there are still Kit Kats left by the end of the gif
Wow looks its me. Down to the Nintendo Switch and everything.

Got my little furry goober sleeping on my belly right now.
I wish my kitty was a snuggle bug 😭😭😭 soo cute
People actually sleep like that? Not constantly tossing and turning like some electrified howler monkey?
I’m surprised the cat stayed in the same place for so long
Never will understand how people can hate cats
what a misleading title, it's obviously a cat and her lady
The real question is how tf is she not eating those Kit Kats
My cat does this a lot, they really take after our personalities, i have always a bowl of food and i tend to shove her from time to time because i want her to go and pee. Sometimes, when i was on my worst depression, she would stay by my side during the whole night and the whole day, no eating or going to her wc, just being cute sleeping beside me. Sure this is cute, but be careful and attentive to see if they are doing their business.
One of my cats loves napping in bed with me but its on a schedule. At bed time she sleeps pressed up against or between my legs on top of the blankets. This is phase 1 and lasts until 6 am. 6 is breakfast time and she'll gently tap my face until I wake up.

I usually go back to bed and then we enter phase 2. Phase 2 is from about 6:30 to 9:30 and its play time. She zooms around the house like a maniac, watches birds, knocks over cups, typical cat things.

Then we're at phase 3, or the Big Nap. For the Big Nap she requires to be under one (1) layer of blanket. I am awoken with face taps in order to provide her with this, at which point she will press herself against my rib cage and then I must hold her face in one of my hands so she can sleep. Holding her face is absolutely crucial to the Big Nap though I'm not sure why.
That cat loves their person
Billie Eilish really does got the sweetest cat
I believe this is Alanah Pearce. I think she shared this on her Twitter @charalanahzard
Break me off a piece of that Fancy Feast!
I could be wrong but when this was originally posted, she was quarantined.
How adorable
Lady and her kats*
My cat doesn't really like to sleep with me. She will come and stay until she *thinks* I am asleep, and then she leaves. Which I find adorable. 

I tend to move around a lot, so it kind of works out for both of us, and since I live in an apartment, she'll come back if I call her.
A day in the life of someone in quarantine
Does she know you have this footage? 🤔
I wish my cat liked to cuddle like that. He'll only sleep by my feet, and not very long either.
I too want to spend all day long in bed
This video brought to you by Kit Kat.
Depression speedrun
[deleted]
Oh that is just the sweetest
D’aww, I have a kitty that always sleeps with me but she likes to wake me up at 4:00am by poking my face with her paw, I get up, point to her dish that already has food, she says “ oh yeah” and I go back to bed. Every... damn... day.
This is the best KitKat commercial
Depression is a mofo
Cats are the best !
She looks like Billie Eilish
The is cute but I’m just watching this thinking I’m glad I’m not the only adult that got their pillow cases from the children’s section at target lol
Does she ever get out of bed?
Who lays in bed wearing jeans? Unacceptable.
The pack of kitkats on the bed speaks to me on a personal level.
u/savevideo
Watching this while I’m at the table eating dinner while my cat is sleeping in my lap. 
On a cold rainy night there’s nothing better than your cat to warm your legs .
when you play the sims on >>>
I had a cat that looked just like this. His mom was a feral barn cat that was hit by a car, so I bottle fed him and his three siblings from about the time they were about three weeks old. Absolute best pets I've ever owned. All they wanted to do was snuggle and follow me around. I found good homes for his siblings, but he was absolutely my baby and I didn't want to give him to a stranger and never see him again. I was headed off to college and my cousin said she would take him because her kids wanted a pet. I came home around Christmas and found out that her kids wouldn't take care of the litter box so she put him outside. He ran away and I'm still upset about the whole thing.
I’m not a cat person but I could vibe with this little guy.
I want what she has😭
It's fake, the cat spent too long in bed without asking for food.
This is how I get stuck in bed some days. My roommate's cat likes to cuddle like this. Worth it since I'm just meeting him at his geriatric years.
I thought this was a time lapse of a cat growing up and was like did this girl not get out of bed or change her shirt in months

I’m an idiot
Very cool 😎
Anyone else feel creepy watching a young woman sleep
Time lapse? That’s like an hour...
I can only lay with my cat like this for a few minutes before I get too itchy. But she enjoys it.
Living their best lives
The purrfect day
This ladies like bing the dream she just stayed in her bed all day props to her
This is so cute, I love this so much! Everytime this video pops up somewhere it makes me happy. ☺️
This is just like me and my cat lol
 https://i.imgur.com/1FIQkah.jpg
My cat lays on me for 10 minutes MAYBE in the morning to get food. Other than that, I’m a bother to him. Still love that booger though.
My cat would be eating those KitKats.
Lol cats best animal ever
Kit Kat’s and a cat?! I want her life...
u/elytion this could be us :c
Fake. No one can sleep next to a sleeve of kitkats without eating the whole thing
How is this cat so well Behaved? If it was our cats one would be sat on my chest while the other attacks my feet.
u/amoramanda
I’m more amazed by the lack of Kit Kat’s that were consumed
My pet doesn't sleep next to me because I move A LOT.
I don't know if I'm jealous of the cat or the lady.
Eating kitkat in bed with the kitty cat! Ahhh the life!
That cat sploot at the end.
I wish my cat would cuddle like this. He either lies at the end of the bed or on my chest. And I even move slightly he jumps down.
Where do you find these cats mine can’t be around me for mor than 30 seconds
u/savevideo
You know she goin thru it when she got the kitkats bedside, I feel you
Inaccurate, no kitty headbutts directly into your face or stabbing you with claws while making biscuits on your chest and tummy.

/s
Kit Kat’s? A switch? A cat? A BED? WHAT KIND OF DREAM IS SHE LIVING IN
My cat just fucking bits my nose
Look at all those Kit Kat’s!
I need to try making a video like this with my chihuahua 🥰
Her and the cat are kindred spirits, spending 20hrs a day bagging Z's
This is lilmonkeyfist on instagram. The cat has cerebellar hypoplasia. She has lots of vids of them cuddling/co-napping
This confirms my theory that cats are never truly at rest, but at a constant state of vibrational energy.
Is she playing animal crossing??? Lol 😂
.2 seconds after this clip stopped that cat ran around her house like a madman!
Does she have depression?
The pillow cover is great!
This. I want.
This lady is on her period. 

All I want when on my period is chocolate, Netflix and my cat(s)
Wow. Switch, cat, rgb lights, and kit kats. You fucking get me.
Someone make this into a lofi animation
Okay it's cute and all but like hour long is this time lapse? Few hours? A whole day? Because neither one of them got up to use the bathroom!
It's all cute, untill you learn she doesn't know about the camera or who put it there
Thats alot of naps
I'm jealous of the cat. Not for perverted reasons. Just because I want to be in the arms of the person who loves me. Sadly that can't happen.
Is it just me or did anyone else feel like a creeper watching this. Me no likey.
A kitty kat and kit kat in bed. I'm in love.
Aww i love depression naps ❤️
Guarantee she's playing Animal Crossing
She should probably get up and move around...
KitKat!
But why was this recorded?
Why is she filming herself from above?
Why does she 'sleep' with the curtains open and filming herself?
I love this!
Lol that cat looks almost the same as my cat.
Homeworking
Aww
My time lapse would be my cat bouncing on and off me and randomly biting my toes
I'm very self aware that there's an animal on my bed and i cant sleep cause I'm scared of rolling over on them etc.
A lady and her cat and her Kit-kat
😻
Ouff how I wish I could have a cat. Or any other hairy animal.
Candy and switch! Pretty much me!
Dang I wish my cat was that nice and open to cuddles
Aw, I wish my cats would cuddle with me
I loved every second of this
How can you stand so still when sleeping?
If only I could feel that close to anything again.
Longest lazy day going
Cats job is never done
I remember sleeping at my cousins place and their cat would play with my feet and sleep on my chest or head
the best thing i’ve seen today
My cat shat on the floor and wiped her ass on my sheets today
All these years of women trying to cover their grey, and these days they die it grey on purpose.
Is that a full 24 hrs? They’re incredibly still
That timelapse was march - november
Im jealous of both of them
I NEED A CAT IN MY FREAKING LIFE.
I can't sleep with my cat in the room because he tries to touch my eyes.
I need a cat rn
kit kat and cat
Not sure if I am excited to see someone else as depressed as me or sad to see someone who is as happy as I am but here is to sitting in bed all day with your cat and an entire pack of Kit Kat’s for comfort.
What was she playing?
She was in bed for a long time lol
Her restraint is phenomenal, I’d have eaten those KitKats within 5 minutes.
My cat mostly sleeps on my chest when I'm in bed. He also won't let me poop alone, he must always sit on my lap 🤷‍♂️ it's the rules
This is the American Dream
Aka: Lazy Susan’s.
I like how the cat passes out all of a sudden
“Lazy day inside? I’m down.” - cat probably
What kind of monster sleeps with the lights on
Cute, but why is there a camera there ?
My fat boy never likes to cuddle that long, but there are nights when I wake up and he's sleeping so close to my face and it melts my heart.
Kip while cat naps next to kit kats.
This is so sweet 😭
How adorable
Her kat and her kit kat
Wow this is the perfect bum day, imm a big fan of the party-sized KitKats too.
Did anyone else watch this and have the King of the Hill theme in their head?
This is basically me and my kitty, he would keep me trapped in bed forever if he could
I like how there’s a package of KitKat miniatures right next to her 😄
No boops??
Man I wish my cat loved cuddling as much as this cat, but he doesn't cuz he's a jERK
KitKat 🤤
A cat nap if you will
I'm gonna go take a nap.
My cat likes to cuddle from...a distance
And her kit-kats
My cat was like this, he was more of a dog than a cat. He would always come when I called and we had such a tight routine, when I left my parents place he apparently forced my dad into the routine. 

RIP Trip-Fenton, you were the coolest.
why sleep on daytime :o
Amazing how the cat seems to really, really trust the human. What a wholesome sights ☺️
This looks like depression lol
Like i get the cat sleeping that much but damn that lady is going for a world record or something
Ughhhhh that was so me and my two snugglebugs 😭
Lo fi hip hop youtube channel IRL
Time lapse of lady and her KitKats
Is no one else gonna mention that she looks strikingly similar to Billie Eyelash lol
Lol that sploot at the end
Gimme dat Dodo code!
I think my depression’s cured.
My dog won’t even sleep like that.
God this could be me... Depression + cat.
Jus a lady and her cat just chillin and being comfy . We may not speak the same language but sleep is universal
My cat literally does this with me and it's the best feeling. He lifts the covers himself and crawls under them untill he can get his head on the pillow then he falls asleep (sometimes he snores louder than I do)
My sweet kitty only falls asleep if I have my arm around her. She's my best friend I love her so much.
I only see two cats where is the lady?
So glad I’m not the only one who sleeps with candy.
Looks like Billie eilish
Why do you have a video of that person sleeping? Unless it’s you obviously I don’t care.
Does....um...she know about this time lapse you've set up in her...um...bedroom...:-O
Props to the guy who broke in her house to record this 😄👍🏻
How do I make my cat love me like this
Looks like Alanah Pearce
CaTs DoNt LoVe hUmaNs, they tell me.
we don't deserve cats
Meanwhile my cat steps on my balls, stomach, and face, all with his claws out, before deciding he'd be more comfortable in a different room entirely.
It's cute that people think she was actually sleeping.
I WISH my cat would lay on the bed with me like this. He’ll lay on my lap when I’m watching tv or gaming all the time, but I want him to sleep in the bed!
The cat has some crazy dance moves with his head
Is she... Is she wearing pants with a belt while sleeping?
Everybody needs a bosom for a pillow.
lol that lady is a cat. IIRC the majority of a cat's life is napping. She nap as much as that cat. They just sharing the same hobby, napping.
wow.   I’d pay for this kind of vacation
Different chapters of life. I like it. It hurts so much when they pass. I bet it was nice to have a new life to focus on
Is this some weird wholesome onlyfans?
i don’t know if i want to be the cat or the lady
First off what kind of TV remote is that?? Second how does she sleep in a room with all the lights on?
This is literally my wife every time she’s on her period
Daenerys always had an affinity for animals.
Posted
I wish I had such a cat. If I touch my cat she just scratches and shouts at me before running away and not coming back for 2 days.
Did she just eat kit Kats and go to sleep?
When the cat falls asleep after being hyper it’s so cute!!! I have a cat allergy and can’t hang out with cats but they’re still so precious
that's it, I'm getting a cat
Her Kit-Cat!
but who’s the creep who filmed it
This looks like absolute hell to me. Being awake and in bed is torture. 

If I’m awake, I sure as hell won’t be in bed. 

It’s a weird mental thing. I play switch too so it’s not like it’s much different than a day where I get nothing done, but it FEELS like a colossal waste of time for some reason.
Our cat does this with me, follows me everywhere I go, etc..
Would love to somehow spread the love to my gf but the cat will have nothing to do with it 🤣 
As soon as I leave the bedroom he's with me. When she goes to bed at night and I'm still up he's like "we'll see you in a few woman". Then when I go to bed he comes right along.
Are those kitkats?
My <3 is smiling :-)
I feel like I could see small vibrations of the cat purring. Anyone else see that? So cute!
If I had a video like this I'd probably be flailing around in my sleep and my cat would be sitting at the edge of the bed perfectly still.
hi this is a cat dad and shes cute. the girl too.
I can sympathise with eating an entire packet of kit kats
[removed]
I think this is littlemonkeyfist on Instagram— there’s another time lapse there. kitty has cerebellar hypoplesia and therefore wobbles like crazy when he moves which is probably why he’s so happy to stay in one place with his mama.
I don't know why this is so cute I'm hung over that was better then disney. Might get day drunk idk
Not a fan of cats but that made me want one
I feel like every girl has had those pillowcases once in their lifetime.
You guys are so weird for posting and watching this lol
I've never had a cuddly cat and i currently have pet rats and they don't want to cuddle either 😫
u/savevideo
I wish my cat would cuddle with me 😭😭😭
Kit-kat kitty cat
i wish i could sleep on my back
Kit-Cats
You sleep in the light?
My cat would have gotten up and chewed on the plastic of those Kit Kat’s. Not eaten just chewed up.
If I tried to lay down with my cat I would be bitten after 5 minutes. I would ignore it because my cat does that a lot to people. If I fell asleep she’d just sleep near my head and if she woke up I’d have a new scar in the morning
I never knew Ciri had a cat.
I literally have the same exact pillows and blanket.
He looks so much like my baby lol
Am so happy for all of you, truly. 

Also literally sobbing cause this makes me miss my dog so much. He died this Feb at 15. He was awesome.
ae we not going to talk about the huge package of kit-kats she keeps in bed with her?
The real question is why is there a camera above your bed?
My cat looks a lot like hers and acts the same way. Just a sweet, snuggly love bug!
Did anyone else notice that one frame between 15 and 16 seconds
My cat also only sleeps in my left arm ! My neck is so stiff now but Id never change my sleeping situation!
And Kit Kat!
Is this above bed mounted camera meant for cat timelapse videos or..
Adorable.
TIL: Cats don’t like Kit Kats
❤❤
Omg!!!!
So cute!!!
awww,

wait who put the camera ther-
TIL humans don't move anywhere as much as cats when sleeping.
Did they just stayed in bed all day without any bathroom or litter box visits?
i did this today and woke up to my cat hiking her ass in my face again and on the pillow. had to check the pillow for butt marks lool
That's a god damn kit kat commercial
I love that cat.
Who is she?
As a non pet owner I get really scared thinking that I’d squish and suffocate the cat when I’m asleep :/
Ha.  We got two Maine Coons and when they sleep on us it cuts off blood circulation to our limbs.  Our male is 11 months old and almost 18 lbs.  He’s going to be 25 lbs once he’s done growing.   We’re screwed!!!  The female is 2 years old and holding steady at 14lbs.  She doesn’t bother us as much since shes lighter.
Beautiful and adorable ❤️
Cats are little jitterbeasts
Our cat likes to sleep on my chest or on my arm. Usually about an inch from my face if she can manage it. Unfortunately it also sneezes occasionally. It's not that nice then.
Ok this adorable and all but why the fuck she got a camera above her bed!?!?!
The little sploot at the end made my heart melt
Makes me wonder why she set the camera up like this. Does her significant other know?
Does anyone know the actual time lapsed?
I feel the stress drift away just watching this and imagining myself in her place, cuddling a fluffy kitty :) I miss having a pet! The woman is also quite beautiful, It would be nice to cuddle both of them :) I miss having a gf! 🤣
This really looks like my cat but mine isn’t as cuddly as this, which breaks my heart. She’s very temperamental in how much cuddling and picking up we can do.
it hurts to see someone live ur dream
My cats are way to hyper for that. I might get some cuddles throughout the night... but they have to run... a lot
Watching this was eyebleach as well as creepy. I've never been so conflicted before
God bless
How the heck you stay that still
My bones hurt by seeing this
Bro, I wake up at least twice to go pee
My cat sheds& is very moody. Not even positive he likes us. We love him tho.
I can sleep like a baby with my one cat but they don’t always sleep with me. My other cat loves to sleep with me but oh god is her purr so loud. She opens her mouth to purr. Once she settles down tho she’s nice to sleep with
Reminds me of ciri
Awww 🥰
How I miss that. R.i.p. my angel baby
And her Kat’s
"When are going to get to the candy factory?!?!?!" Read that is Milhouse Van Houten's whiney-est voice!
I can’t believe in all this time neither of them got up to pee.
Goals.
My cat would just knead for 8 hours straight.
I need to get me a cat omggggg
My poor daughter has had a horrific year and absolutely adores her cat.  Unfortunately the cat’s an asshole in general and has absolutely no desire to cuddle or show any affection.  My daughter laughs it off but I guarantee she would love a cuddly cat.
So cute
I wonder what game she is playing
This kitty looks exactly like the cat we had, she passed away a couple of years ago. Her baby is still with us and he’s the best cuddle buddy, he falls asleep next to me and wakes me up in the morning.
A lady and her cat and their kitkat
I have a cat that looks just like yours and her name is Kit-Kat.  What a coincidence.
My cats are not this patient lol
Billie Eilish?🤔🥰
Super strange to me how little the woman moves - I would be fidgeting as much as the cat. Some people are just able to stay still indefinitely?
Ok but where's the part where the cat swats and bites you for no reason then runs away then runs back meowing for more pets?
Working on your bedsores?
So what?
The real question is why would film ur own bed topdown?
[Terrifying ](https://i.imgur.com/FqKA4Uv.jpg)
Is this Alanah Pearce?
My whole heart 😍 I want a cuddle kitty too 😭
I think my cats quit trying to cuddle with me when I sleep because I move around a lot :(. I'm scared I've whacked 'em in the face a few times while sleeping without knowing it.
I hate this. 

Not because of anything serious. I just wonder who the he'll gets to sleep that uninterrupted. 

Where's my consistent sleep D: 

Come to me sleep daddy, wherever you are
I have 3 in the bed with me the looks I get when I have to get up for a pee
This is Lady Gaga
I call this state, Catatonic. Purrfect double meaning.
Living the dream
My dog never stops walking in and out of the room
this cat is so SMALL i love it
Aww
That one moment where you look straight up at the camera out of a dead sleep!
My cat won't do this, she'll sit on my lap but won't snuggle up near your face.

Our new puppy, on the other hand, basically lives on and around your face when it's bed/nap time.
We never let our pets get on our beds, they lose too much hair
There would be nothing but Kit Kat wrappers if that were me
That [one frame](https://i.imgur.com/pXYQnSo.jpg). Flash of a face for a second freaked me out!
Who records themselves and there cat sleeping and playing animal crossing
The good life.
Off topic, but do normal people not devour everything they see? She's had those kit kats for hours and didn't even touch them.... Do I have an issue?
Until they do this in the middle of the night and turn you into a sweaty mess.... other than that I approve.
Doing that right now on a bean bag
That is me and my cat. The minute I try and pick her up and hold her she has a meltdown
Time to get up.
What is that camera used for?
I want to be happy
I wish I had a cat that would do that with me, Mine would NEVER stay put that long.
My cat had to have emergency surgery, so for the past few days I've been spending all day in bed working/watching movies to convince him to stay laying down. Despite all the worry, this is the happiest I've been.
The real question is you rather be the girl or the cat?
I want a kitty so bad
This is why I want a cat. For a nap buddy
I totally love bonding with my dog he's my best friend my wife died two and a half years ago right after she bought the dog she bought him three years ago but he's been the highlight of my life
Thank you Dina for allowing me to have Charlie and remembering you often
I have an elderly dog and would like a cat again when I see stuff like this but they can be assholes too.
Is this too much to ask for?
I wish my cat was that chill sleeping next to me. She usually gets up on my chest and licks the tip of my nose to try and get me to come play as soon as she's done with her nap, which is inevitably only about 15 minutes XD
There’s really no such thing as not being a cat person, it just has to be YOUR cat.
How the hell does she sleep with her neck like that? It’s nearly a 45 degree angle!
Didn't know billie eilish had a cat
Każdy potrzebuje szczerej miłości
Is that lady Billie Eilish
Totally not a product placement. It's organic and original.
Omg my cat Tigger used to climb on and rest with me while I was asleep. I would wake up with him on my chest or between my legs. Cats are so adorable especially if the love is mutual!
Not sure if major depression is aww
Timelapse of a lady and her cat and her kitkats
Looks like depression
Aaaaawwww
I think i need to take my cat to couple therapy if this is the relationship other people have with them
That’s totally what I’m doing and have done today and yesterday. Only difference is I don’t have a Switch, or a cat. But if I did have a cat and the cat was next to my face like that I’d be sneezing like crazy.
Wish my cat would cuddle with me like that... instead of suddenly deciding she *needs* to sit on my head in the middle of the night...
.....wait.  why does this woman have a camera mounted over her bed?
You mean a timelapse of a lady and her KitKat's.
My cat won't let me touch her face or head. And meows to come in my room. Then to be fed. Then to come back in. Then leave a minute later. Then chews the wood on my desk. 

Where do I get this dlc for my cat?
Lol, calling a 20-something girl a lady
People sleep with the light on?
Why does my cat just attack my feet under the covers
One of my cats isn't super cuddly, but she follows me around as long as she is a awake, I have to tell her to stay sometimes if I'm just leaving the room to grab something. She's honestly my smart cat of the 2, I have her trained to also leave rooms on basically command, just stand near the door and tell her it's time to go and she just ups and runs out lol
Literally me and my cat just chillin
u/savevideo
Is that a Kit? or a Kat? I’ll take my dad joke and see myself out...
Relieving to know I’m not the only one who films themselves on time-lapse snuggling/napping with my pet.
It's seeing stuff like this that makes me desperately want a cat😭❤️
Think you'll find this is a time-lapse of a cat and it's lady.
Timelapse of lady sleeping with her KitKat.
Who recorded this?  Did you attach the photo/camera with a mount?  What's to be gained here for all this work?
This. Right here. Is why animals are SO good for your mental health
I toss and turn and I wish my cat deals with it but he doesn't. A weighted blanket has helped. Still looking for more tips.
Who can sleep with so much light!?
Time lapse of depression
As a guy with a cat I can relate to this gif
Edit: a word
This is me. Except I'm a guy.
I love her hair.
So many pixels...
Seriously adorbs 😍
NO EGGS!
Aww cats are the best. I miss my Nisse
Omg I want a cat

...


And not be deadly allergic to cats
Lady and her cat and her KitKat.
This is basically me and my cat, but we're both gross.
adorable but clearly fake, who is in bed an entire day next to a sleeve of kitkats and only eats one..?
is this a kit kat commercial?
The cat got some
Only one KitKat?
Why is she sleeping with makeup?
Jeeze how can she keep her neck bent like that
What a sweet privilege not having a cat that gets angry everytime you move if they're comfy hahah. Very cute :)
This person was literally in bed all day.
Fuck off kitkat commercial
That should be a baby
Awww lil thing looks almost identical to my lil Smudge.
Difference is Smudge hardly ever cuddles...

With her it’s one pet two pet three pet aaaaand TIME TO ATTACK THE HAND THAT PETS
How can she sleep with the light on?
Blessed are the people whose cats actually sleep in the bed for a decent while. Mine just sleeps for a little bit, walks on my face, sits on my head, and then looks out the window. Then she’ll just knock stuff into the ground. 😂
Awwwee just a wittle Keety sweeping wit mommy ?? Just a weeeetewl keeeeeetty sweeeepin with maaaammaaa ...  aaweeee 🥰
This looks like heaven to me!.
I had to send my sweet calico girl on her way after 14 years (thyroid cancer) and I missed her so.  All night long she would gently pat me on the cheek to be petted. I never slept,  but I was happy. 
I adopted two older siblings from the pound after because I've never not had a cat. They are six and seven,  brother and sister maybe,  it's unclear. They were surrendered six and seven years old with yeast infections in their ears. So I took them both as they were in the same cage and "bonded".
Turns out " bonded" translates to generally tolerant of each other. Lol. It's been four and a half months and the female had just begun coming to me to be petted. The male prefers my son,  but will let me pet his neck for seven strokes. 
Yes,  I will be patient,  no,  I will not give up.  I chose these two because they were the two with the least likely chances of being picked and kept together.
I wish my cat was that affectionate, instead she just wakes me up in a middle of the night just to bop my head with her paw and run away :(
This reminds me how badly I miss napping lol a baby KIND OF turned that activity upside down. Who would’ve thought?!
Comfy
This could be me and my giant boy cat. I love the snuggles!
Ok that’s cute
"c-can I stop filming you now?"
It’s referring to the Kit Kat
Look at the cute little KitKats
Cat fucking dies at the end
This is making me want to go lay in bed with my animals, and it's only 2 pm here.
This is the first time I've ever seen the human move *less* than the cat
I wish my cat would cuddle like this. She’s just a bitch tho.
I think you got the same LED strip as me judging off that controller on the right.
i have that same pillow case.
I just want to know how she dyed her roots that color.
Opps!  I meant to say "So Cute!"
Does this lady know you set up a camera in her room op?
Do cats always just kinda... Vibrate?

The lil furry potato looks like its moving its head constantly in a left to right manner
A day well spent
I need a cat now. ASAP.
hold the fuck up, how was this recorded!?
Xoxo
I would love for my cat to sleep that close to my face but then I would break out in a million hives and probably have the worst allergy induced asthma episode
I need a cat like this.
Monday-Thursday documented successfully.
:)
Kit Kat? Kitty Cat? Coincidence? I think not.. 🤔
The love for pets is stronger than the love for humans in most cases
The cat moves a lot.
holy shit! How do people stay in bed all day and dont feel bad? Im genuinly interested
I wonder how much kit kat paid for this?
Time laps of a lady and her Kit Kat
Ill show this to my cat and tell her: this could be us!
I’d be so scared to have a kitkat so close to my cat
This makes me very happy.  I miss my cats.
At the very end that cat is like “Time for dem Kit Kats”
Video games in bed with kitkats and a literal cat, thats the life
🥺 makes me want a kitty.
I wish cats would lay with me like this.
Why is she sleeping with makeup?
is it just me or does she look like bille eilish
Who sleeps with the light on
Is it just me or does she look like billie eilish?
Cats love beautiful women. It's a fact
If you enjoyed watching this, you may want to consider buying the new [Cinco Sleep Watching Chair](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pnX6ieKHdug)!
And their kit-kats
King of the Hill theme song played in my head the entire time during this
I’m surprised a kitten can stay still/be calm for that long! Mine is incredibly hyper.
Wow - basically a timelapse of my entire 2020. Thank God for my cat.
Sleeping with my cat ends up with me on the side of my bed while my cat lays down in the middle and i’m won’t move when i try to get him up
I love snoozing with my two cats but every time I let them sleep with me at night I end up with a faceful of cat butt. Maybe one day...
Wish my cat did this
my cat would NEVER do this :(
FBI Agent- “Well that is adorable”
Wheres the part where the cat gets up to go poop and then comes back and puts their butt rught in your face?
she's living her best life
Sweet
Awwww heheheh cute! I love sleeping with my doggies like this! 🥺🥰☺️
Lucky cat
I dont get it
Wow I wish my cat would cuddle
Weird world we live in that people literally film themselves sleeping to share with strangers
Why doesn’t my cat love me?
Give me a break...
Thought that was Billie Eilish for a sec
that cat comped a feel
A lady, her cat, and her Kit Kats. Can't forget the Kit Kats!
She's waiting for time perfect time to eat the human
Im a new cat owner, but my cat rarely cuddles. He was born in July and I tried to enforce good habits, but he bites quite a lot. I tried to use tips from web (time-out, leave him alone, etc) but it hasn't worked great yet. Will I ever be able to reach this level of connection with my pet?
Never got out of bed.
He watches when your sleeping ... 
He knows when your awake ...
my cat sleeps at my legs and get mad and leaves when i move like tf did you expect😐
First time I understand that accelerated cats are hilarious.
Why does she sleep with lights on though
Any source on this? The girl looks like someone I know
That is one epic sleeve of KitKats
I have a similar snuggly cat, he’s a gem.  I was on a reasonably important work video call last week and right in the middle of speaking he jumps in my lap, zero f$&ks given style.  Needless to say, he got a good receptive then curled up in my lap and snoozed through the rest of the call
Why is she not breathing, the cat looks like it took a million
Turns lights on to go to sleep?
My 5 year old has those same moon bedsheets
What kind of psycho sleeps with the lights on, while also filming themselves??
Where can I find a cat like this?
I wish my cat did this. She always lays on my bed with me but she never sleeps like this with me. I don’t know if I can train her to though.
Thinking you meant a cat and her lady?
Getting a kitten for the first time after my childhood cat’s passing several years ago. Had her for 19 years. 
 I can’t wait, I may cry with joy
This good cat
Relationship goals.
This was me and my 14 year old cat. She slept in my arms every night, woke me up when I had nightmares, and ensured I was holding her when I tossed and turned.
I'm confused which one is the cat?
I want this to be me... :(
Lady and her kit cat
The bitch needs to get outa bed get a husband
What game is that? Can anyone tell?
Her hair is gorgeous. I love hair like that.
Why are they being filmed???
Being a dog person, I am impressed with a cats ability to stay in one spot for so long lol.
This is what my cat wishes I would be doing all day. Chilling in bed with her and never leaving.
Is that Alanah Pearce?
WHY AM I CURSED WITH CAT ALLERGIES AAAAHHHHHHH
I see them Kit Kats
This lady is living her best life.. playing games in bed, snuggled with a cat, and has a big pack of kit kats.. she has made it
Adorbs.
It’s missing the parts where the cat sits on her face and bats at her eyelashes. Also steals her pillow or plants itself between her legs so she can’t move or rollover. Then there’s the sneeze in her face move or the knead her hair into knots move. Her cat just doesn’t cat properly.
I got one of those that does the same thing, she is a Himalayan. Sometimes I wake up in a puddle of sweat because she is so hot.
This makes me aww cause I have cat allergies :(
I think she may have depression
my cat would spend about 2 hours licking itself, at least half of that time would be with some serious asshole licking
this seems more like the timelapse of a cat and it's lady - we all know who's in charge
Awww so adorable 😍
No wonder cats sleep all day. They can’t stop moving around during it
Kit Kats and kitty cats.
I wish my kitty would snuggle :(
I just learned how to love a cat even more than I thought I could
I wish my cat were this chill
He got all the cuddles.
the cat is me when im sleeping.
Why do people film themselves sleeping?
Can I stroke them both?
I’ve seen this like a hundred times and it warms my heart so so much. It makes me incredibly happy for these two that they found each other.
I'd like my cat to do this... She's fine for 30 minutes and then she starts stomping on my bladder, my balls, my skull...in wish she wouldn't do that.
I miss my cat so much. 😞
I bet lots and lots of men watching this are wishing they were that cat...
Awww I love this !
On a side note, those kind of Kit-Kats are the best
