/r/aww is for appreciating cute animals, not debating the pros and cons of veganism or eating things that also happen to be cute.  we don't pass judgment on those who eat meat, [nor do we reduce anything posted here to being a food item](https://www.reddit.com/r/aww/wiki/index#wiki_rule_4) - house pets, farm animals, or babies.

also, [it wasn't born today](https://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/gmwifz/baby_sheep/)
Hello lamb!!
Damn what a cute baby
It’s Lambi!! Welcome to the world Lambi
I can hear the "MLEHHH" in this picture
Moms got that hawk eye on the baby.
So small it should be illegal
I want a lil lamb!
I've never seen any animal that clean 15 minutes after being born.
I thought that was a felted lamb.
“Ok pup, ewe’ve had your 15 minutes of innocence... it’s time I tell you about the world you’ve been born into”
Your mom has lovely locks. I know you will too!
Mama Lamb: "Really? Not even 15mins old and you already wanna milk it for fake internet points?"
This lamb was born on a small farm in Idaho. This is my photo. Her name is Bella. She is 3/4 Polypay and 1/4 Suffolk. This was her mother's first year lambing. She had been in labor for quite awhile. When we checked on her Bella's nose and tounge were showing and her tounge was blue so my 10 yr old daughter and I intervened.  We had to gently pull her out with the ewe's contractions. I took a quick photo with my phone to share on my personal FB page as she was the last lamb of the season.  She is now 8 months old and was bought my a farm that offers veterans a place to heal. She will live out her days on a ranch in Idaho being a mama.
I thought that was a giant storm cloud behind it for a second.
Hi Python
Why are people falling for this obvious photoshop? Look at its throat! It’s blurred!
That face! 😍
Right that's it I'm fucking giving up meat
That face doesn't understand the cruel world at all yet, sweet white little fluffy.
I thought this was some r/programmerhumor stuff
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
I call bullshit. If it's only 15 minutes old, why is it totally dry? It should be wet.
Ewe, David.
He can already say "Hello World". Wow, they start learning how to program so young these days.
Omg Mamas side eye though. She’s like “if you you even think taking one step closer I’ll gut you like a fish.”
The same sheep a few months later: fuck ! Go back
[removed]
Hello sweet baby!
Ominous sheep in the background
#PET THE SHEEP
Welcome to the world.. Make the world more full of animals ... We love animals...
it gets worse, little guy
[removed]
very cute, u/man_with_big_boobs
I love the fact that you with your name posted l
this lmao
This lamb has no idea how shit it’s life is about to be
So innocent. I wish I didn't know everything I know.
[removed]
Hey Twitter world, this is yours truly
omg how small!
[deleted]
AND ALREADY SMILING!
Hello lamb!
maybe 15 minutes old is his name
That baby looks good for being 15 minutes old.
Reminds me of this. https://youtu.be/Lrvx7d28yo0
Henlo!
Nooo Lisa, D-o-n-t eat me
Cutie! My heart just melted♥️
J
Ewe, what is that animal in the background
Wish I looked this photogenic 15 minutes out.
It looks like it remembers its past life and is happy it's back and gets to be laid back for most of its life.
give
He or she is soooo cuteeee
Hello little lamby!!!! I’m an animal science major and my favorite class was last semester when I got to take care of a pregnant ewe, help deliver her lambs and then take care of them 💛
His nose ❤️
hehe looks like lil boy has got a sweater on :))))
Impossible !!! So cute
Welcome to the world little lamb
Looks like a stuffed animal lol 😆
What a cutie! He looks like he’s wearing a yellow sweater!
This should be the new standard for all lamb plush toys for kids now. The pose and color pattern and everything.
I stopped eating lamb and mutton. They are too cute to eat.
Omg I want to cuddle it!!!
Aaaaaahhhhh !! Good Morning !!
Hey that's pretty c-ewe-te
Look at that smile 😍😍😍😍
Aww the look on his face is a SOO cute! But really they already have fur when they are born?
Hi buddy 🤗
awwww

please tell me he won't be eaten
Oh my gosh he’s SMILING ❤️😍 Happy Birthday sweetheart!
BOOP DA GODDAMN SNOOT
Thank you, u/man_with_big_boobs
Well sorry but that smile is going to get wiped off your face real quick kid. It's 2020
IS THAT AN DOG
This lil guy won’t know the hardships of living through a pandemic 🙏🏼
Looks like its in fact 17minutes old! OP why you lying?
[removed]
Imagine being so happy to be born
I try to share this warning to other adult humans like me: Lambs are baby sheep. Until earlier this year, I thought lambs and sheep were different fluffy weirdos. Like llamas and alpacas... They’re basically the same strange humpless mini-camels. Let this be a warning to ye! Lambs = sheep.
It’s pics like this that really accentuate how ugly human newborns are
꧁𝙰𝚠𝚠𝚠! 𝙷𝚎𝚕𝚕𝚘 𝚝𝚑𝚎𝚛𝚎!꧂
[removed]
Coming out with a smile, good.
The brown shade looks good.
Omg my heart just exploded. I need one
Name it "sheeple"
Ah! So cute!!!
thats so cute
It looks like Aang
Welcome to the world..
Make the world more full of animals ...
We love animals...
smol
~Happy Birthday lil one!! 😍
Sounds name it baahbara
Welcome little lamba 🥰.
How cute! I thought he was a fake one at first!
Started coding early
Oh my
Omg adorable awwwwww!!!!! 🥺🥰☺️
Ears are on point, straight out of the womb
Nice name
cute puppy!
Programmer goat
Those ears.
This is the song that never ends...
Cuteness overload!
Oh my goodness! I want a pet sheep 😍
Idk, the lamb feels like a Huey (if a boy) Sasha (if a girl)
Hello Meschoui!
"Do my ears look big"?
Aww looks like it has an orange wool sweater on
Where art thou Mary
is that a plushie isn't it ?
So cute!
Look at his tiny little legs! (Or hers)
Doesn't look a second over 10 minutes... must be good genes
Meanwhile human baby after 15 min🤮
15 minutes young and already programming...
That sweet baby smile 🥰
  It looks almost exactly like the Sheep characters in the defunct online game Moutonking ( popular mostly in the francosphere)
Thousands of years of evolution rite there!
Hello there! Welcome to this world
🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰
Oh my goodness! So so cute!
You need to catch them level 1
🥰🤗
Little smiling light. ❤️
Christ what a cute little thing!
Love that smile.
His face tells us that he really enjoyed his 15 minutes so far
HELLO LAMBI
print("Hello World!")
15 minutes lol
That smile ♡
That is 1 of the cutest things I have ever seen.

I will now proceed to steel it and raise it as my own.
QUITATE TU
What a happy guy!
so cute
This one made me “aww” out loud 🥰
so cute awwwww
Cute
Thank you for sharing this. I didn't know I needed to see this, until I saw it. 
What breed of sheep is it?
And the mom's eyes in the background look very cute.
Cute :-)
This is just like my python program  XD
This level of cuteness is just right!
Awwww what a sweeetie
Here comes my new wallpaper for good wibes
❤️❤️❤️❤️
Welcome to the world 🌍
Lisa this is lamb, not a lamb
She made this
I don't believe you. That's a stuffed animal
Careful! Mama has her eye on you!!
im glad you did 15 minutes instead of 1
Awwwwww NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!
Definitely just teared up. What a precious cutie!!
Nice Grogu ears
Awwww what a little cutie!!
Yo Da Lamb...
Thank you man with big boobs
So cute~❤️😍
Omg so cute ❤️
and you **ALREADY** have a "SMART" PHONE...
This pic made my day. Lovely!
Your user bothers me
Almost doesn’t look real
That smile
Happy as a lamb
I don’t want it to grow up :(
Ugh I remember how precious a newly born lamb is... so sweet and gentle. That smile 😭
aww
What breed? We should be getting Hampshire-Suffolk cross lambs pretty soon here.
I wouldnt mind if time stopped forever to keep little Lambini this side forever
Its so cute i could cuddle with it
Lambgini
OP can you please take some videos for us??!  That is the cutest thing I’ve ever seen
The cutest thing I've ever seen
Awwww
That's the cutest sheep face I've ever seen!
I have a stuffy from Folkmanis that looks just like her.
I thought he had a yellow sweater on which I guess he kinda is born with already. :D
Awww this is so cute!
Aw Shucks, aint thag cute!
Super cute!
15 minutes in, and he already looks like the happiest little lamb in the world. This little guy out here speedrunning being cute.
Reminds me of the lamb that I had as a kid. I named it Mayo because it was the color of mayonnaise. I taught it to walk on a leash and jump hurdles. He was great.
Yha its very cute
cuteeee
[deleted]
_Big momma is watching you_
Well, i have a new profile picture for my school account:)
Ewe are super cute
^we ^must ^protec
Awww, this Lamb is sooo cute, thanks for sharing 
u/man_with_big_boobs
Good luck for your life journey little one
He looks like a toy
Awwww, so cute!!!!
Looks like a stuffed animal
The lamb is smirking. I think it has a plan!!!!
This is photoshopped. That head does not belong on that body. My guess is also that the head is from a toy.
That smile!
Go the hell back inside... wait until 2021 and come back out!
me opening up reddit thinking i wanna kms 
reddit showing me this wholesome post
AWEEEYEYWYWYWWWWWW
Wiv a smile!!!!! Happy Lambie!!!
This is just too adorable...😍
This made my fucking day. Thank you.
I remember when I was happy too
That lamb is cute
Thank you for this, man_with_big_boobs.
I hadnt scrolled all the way down and thaught the big sheep was a pylon of smoke
Username checks out
I can hardly stand all that cuteness and sweet little smile
He still covered in the lamb sauce
Guys I have a pug 2 years old. Looking for a custom made pendant for him. Anyone have any idea where can I get one?
How might one make sure their username goes to the right owner?
Such a happy little bunny-sheep.
Mummy sheep's keeping an eye on ya
Jaanlewa muskaan
Nice kebab u got there
Look at that smile. Hello World!
Human babies really need to step up their game
At eastern you cute little lamb probably  will be eaten...
awwww
When scrolling I first saw the top of the mama lamb and though it was a volcano eruption picture I was about to see
Thanks u/man_with_big_boobs
Aww
WANT
Hello world, foo, *baaaa* - this sheep is destined to be a software developer
lamb.exe program activated
Floof ball
oww
Lamb chop the song that never ends but does too early.
Lol awwwwwwww
Love the username of OP
And what kind of life is this little Lamb going to have; what will this World offer this new, innocent soul?
Me eating gyros while upvoting this …
Omg it looks like a plush doll!
Oh stop!! This is stil 2020. We cannot have all this cuteness right now.
Very cute
That's just crazy cute with that smile
This just made my day. So cute.
SWEAR ITS 15 MINUTES
Gyros!




(Let the downvotes commence)
Holy shit that thing gave me the will to live
Hello dinner
Old enough to stomp
Reminds me of when I watched a goat give birth at a petting zoo when I was little
Lil lamb
That's a very slow. 15mins to interpret. Please debug.
Awww and already a big smile!
Hello
Look at those EARS. Oh my goodness, I needed this today!
Happy 4h and 15m birthday!
Go forth and NEVER WEAR ANOTHER WOOLEN GARMENT!
There is your lamb sauce Gordon
Look at that smile!
awww look at his lil smile...he's like 🙂and look at the way his cute lil head is tilted to the side...just AWWWWW OMG FJKWJFOFIOLM:
Mmmm, lamb chops lol
I love pierced bad ass momma behind.
Looks happy to be here
Is that a lamb?
Shame it'll end up on someone's plate
Why did no one tell me I can convert my lambs into karma!?

I've got 3 ewes about to pop right now, and our lambs grow WAY too fast out here.
The mom is side eyeing you hardddd
I would die for him

Edit: or her
Literally looks like a stuffed animal toy
That smile 🥺
At first I thought it was a stuffed animal...
Welcome to the new world!
Aww - looks like the cutest fluffy toy you can get.
Hahaha sheep
This post is 5 hours old now
Such a cutie pie. I want to name this cherub Lambipie! 😻
Omg 😍
Bore da, oen fach!
Is THAT EVEN REAL OMG (Lol just kidding but it's Soo cute it looks "fake" but- in the best way possible- like it's the cutest stuffed animal that was ever made EVER!!!) (FYI: I know it's real lol) (I just can't get over teh cuteness!!!)
Oh my gosh hes adorable
They look so happy to be here~! So cute!
Dinner
Gawd that’s cute
awesome
I’m so traumatized, when I saw hello world all I could think about was programming
What a cute black and blue baby goat
Lambasted🐑💯☝️🔥📷
Oh hello, you're alive
He looks a little like baby Yoda. So cute!
That somehow really looks like a stuffed animal.
He is so freaking cut! I just want to hug him
And this was little Jimmy's first and last selfie
Cute little bugger
Hello dinner
henlo!
gote
Clean
This is definitely AWWWWW material! :O
He’s too cute. Take him away.
Looks like a plush doll, so cute.
Beanie Baby!
Arent they usually wet after birth?  i have goats and the lambs are slimy after birth
OMG!! Cuteness overload!! ❤️
printf("Hello, World!");
Aww
I Wish i could live in a farm.
Much cuter than a human baby at 15 mins old.
> It's Shaun the sheep ... it's Shaun the sheep ...
So tiny 😀
me when stek
he looks like a stuffed toy!! So adorable!!!
It's like a stuffed animal!!!  I love it!
shep
Hello little one. That is just about the cutest smile have ever see.
Ewe are cute
Sure has a better time of it than human babies who are born screaming at the pure horror of being alive. And frankly it’s all downhill from there.
Nice to meet ewe!
Hello Wool! :)
Cute
This face will help this lambi get away with things.
It's too cute
I bin alive for fifteen mins

Hi there does this mean we're frens
He looks so happy about it!  It’s like the poor little guy doesn’t even know it’s 2020…
New sheep, who dis?
Mary must be pleased
Darn. 14 minutes too old for goat soup.

That has two meanings.
u/man_with_big_boobs, you have made my day. This is a wondrous photo.
System.out.println("Hello world");
Now that looks like a stuffed toy animal (wearing a jumper) if ever I have seen one.
So happy
"Okay taxes are..."
How old do lamb get before they slaughter it?
Now compare it to a 15 minute old human baby. Eww.
This beautiful little creature doesn’t look real!  Made my day.  Thanks
How is he so dry after only 15 minutes?
Let me welcome you to hell...
This made my day a little better!
Masha alla, welcome Habibi
Now you must spoil both of them
This is exactly what I needed to see right now, and I love lambs. Thank you.
“This is the song that doesn’t end....”
You'll be perfectly oven-sized in 4 weeks
Cuuuuute
It looks nice until you look deeper and see the cage they're in and the tagging of the mother.
Awwh they're so cute, I wish I had a baby sheep, also a baby pig and baby goat
And already committing wire fraud.  Well done, tiny ungulate.
Is the smile real or Photoshopped? It is way too cute for my eyes
Lamb meme
That’s some grade A eye bleach
O! Perfect baby!
Aw so cute! 🥰🥰
Well hello baby lamb!!!
Adorable
He has won the internet ❤️
Mom giving the evil eye.
I believe I speak for a number of people when I say: squeeeeeeee!!
I miss being a Shepard. Sheep are legit a pleasure to work with. I can only think of one instance it was horrible and it was more an unfortunate side effect of working with animals then sheep specificly.
I wanna smother it with hugs! But I won’t cuz I don’t want to hurt him/her. So I’ll settle for sending ❤️
I definitely mistook mom for a smoke plume when this scrolled up on my feed...

Do they open their eyes that fast?!
Doesn't look a minute over 14.
Those ears!    *swoon*
Here in my stable, just birthed this new lamb here. It’s like the billionaire Warren Buffett says, “the more you eat, the more you bleat.”
Aaawwww
What a beautiful smile!!!
Mmmmmm Snack
!!!!!! ❤️ ❤️ ❤️ ❤️ ❤️ ❤️
Pls protec him
Now that little lamb got a genuine Aww out off me.
So cute...and smiling already!
Must... Hold
I must have seen one 30 seconds old at the pumpkin patch farm then because it was GOOPY
Awwwww looks like a stuffed animal
I would trade my beloved dog for that baby.
cute looks like a stuffed animal
SWEETEST LITTLE LAMB
little wonder !!
Hi, little smiley!
Fresh bebe
Could I just... have it?
this is so cute, thanks u/man_with_big_boobs
Having a hard day. Wish I could be this happy little dude rn
Is that a cloud with a mouth
Lamb 15 min old: imma eat grass and be happy
Human 15 year old: wtf am I doing?
So cute!  Many years ago, when I was a child, my parents bought me an old horse.  Since we didnt yet have a barn, (honestly, I think my dad just wanted a reason to build a barn lol) the woman we bought her from let us keep boarding her there, and we stopped by twice a day to feed her.  At this farm was a bunch of other animals, including goats.  Very early one morning, me and Pa stopped by to feed my horse and in one of the stalls, hunkered down in hay, was a 12 hour old BABY GOAT!!!!  She was so flippin cute!  We ended up taking her and another baby goat, when we finally had a barn.  The horse and the 2 goats became close friends and I loved them so much.  Gosh, I really miss my Nickers, Dancer and Heidi.
Looks like a stuffed animal!!! 😘
I LOVE YOU
😍
Awww
Cute
OMG what a cute baby
Amazing they age so well. 

Six months ago they looked the same age.

https://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/gmwifz/baby_sheep/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share

Gotta love reddit it's all about timing lol
The baby already has his sweater on. Reminds me of that kitten poem a kid wrote...
He is so cute.
I can tell hes young, because he is still covered in the lamb sauce.
Awwww, he has no idea how much the world sucks yet! Adorable!
Happy Birthday
1. Cute :D
2. I thought it is a programming post first because of the title.
I met a tiny baby lamb yesterday and it was so cute!
OP is your name Mary?
I would pick them up and never put them down again, that little face and boopable nose.
Ah yes, the first 15minutes of 2020 vs the rest of it lol
As the buddhists would say "what up world I'm back at it again"
Aw goodness that little smile 🥰😍
Hope this little one keeps that beautiful smile forever!
The lamb cracks a smile before even cracking an hour of life.
Oh gosh look at his faceeee 😍
Welcome to this world Lamb !!♥️♥️
Minuets old and already on it feet meanwhile I cant even get my 6Yo to work a part time job.
This made my cranky third grader smile before school, thank you.
🎶 Hello my son, welcome to Earth 🎶
He probably does not even have a job yet. SLACKER!
I love it. My sister loves animals
It's fucking r/aww
I thought of this sub /r/ProgrammerHumor when I read the title
1. Can I have him?
2. This is the first post I've ever seen without any downvoted comments and I think it's the perfect post for that to happen in. 
3. LOOK AT HIS LITTLE FACE I WANT IT
I literally did a goat scream when I saw this lmao

Edit: nvm its not a goat-
Göt
[removed]
welcome!!! 🥳 you made it!
He is now 7h and 1/4 old :)
[deleted]
Nice dog
Oh hello sweet keb..oh, I mean lamb.. :)
if this was a human baby it would be downvoted to hell lmao
[removed]
I’m ugly crying to this beautiful baby
[removed]
[deleted]
Now I want a lamb or a baby goat

Edit: I guess wanting a pet goat or lamb is frowned upon
[deleted]
lamp chops.
Enough protein in that for a sandwich
Why is he so happy? Being in this world is more of a curse than a gift
Ah, well, I suppose now's a good a time as any to let you know that it's all pointless and everyone you meet will have an agenda based upon a basic survival instinct that allows them to, at best,   ignore the importance of you. My advice, try religion. At least then you can kid yourself that there is light at the end of the tunnel.
So not one person is going to comment on the username? 🤣
Only 15 minutes old and already an expert programmer
TAKE MY UPVOTE BEFORE I FAI-
Awww I will hold you, and squeeze you and cal you George
[removed]
[removed]
r/mildlybabyyoda
That’s it. I’m buying a lamb
[deleted]
Sheep wondering who put this piece of fabric into her home
Hmm Kerbab
WHERE'S THE LAMB SAUCE
Can't wait to eat your legs next year! Keep em nice juicy for us buddy!
[removed]
i wonder if you shave it and paint it green, would look like baby yoda
Who the fuck cares
Looks so fake
Reminds me of that one south park episode... 🥶
Lambchops play along :D Old kiwi's will get this hopefully lol.
Fake news! Totally stuffed animal!
