my dog can be sound asleep upstairs on the bed, and if i open the treat jar as QUIETLY as possible, barely making any noise at all that i can hear, he will come tearing down the stairs and sit and wait for a treat.
Dogs have really figured us out. My dog now knows when Friday is here.
Well shit my mom can be in the kitchen banging pots and pans all day, but the second I hear them silverware jingling and jangling I know it’s ready
Every day my family would be sat watching TV and my dog would wake up, walk to the window and stand on his hind legs looking out the window excited.

When you looked at the window you would see my mother in the distance walking around the bend at the top of our street on her way home from work or the shops etc.

It was like he could sense her coming, it always amazed me.
As a child, our cats learned the metallic sound of the all metal hand crank can opener. 

It was always awkward when we went to open a can of corn of mixed veggies for dinner, as both of them would always come running thinking they were getting wet food for dinner, even though that was only a morning meal for them.
Pavlov - classical conditioning
It do be like that though
We have a set of built in drawers in our kitchen, four of them, all the same size, and one of them has dog treats in it. I can open the other drawers all day long without a peep from the dogs, but as soon as I grab that drawer, even just an inch, they're right there waiting for their treats.
I hope you gave him a treat for being the cutest and smartest pupper
I know I’m super late to this thread but when my dog was a puppy he would perk up when he heard my girlfriends keys jangling in the hallway as she was walking to the door. We lived in a very busy building and there was constantly other people’s keys jangling, talking, etc. He instantly knew when it was my gf’s. It was incredible.
It is absolutely insane how we've evolved to feel the tiniest differences in air pressure changes AND connect those tiniest changes to very specific things
"Now speak." 

"FUCK!"
Remi speak 


edit- first award, thanks
My cat has this reaction to the freezer lol I dont even understand why. He loves ice? Not to eat.... but the little bits the break off when you crack an ice tray- he wants to push them around on the floor. Thats it. But even if hes asleep, if i crack ice...
I love how grumpy husky pups look.
"Well... Where is it?"
His eyebrows r everything lol
Such a polite puppy.
Hungry doge
Huskies always look so angry
LoL.  He'll learn that cinkle bag noise next....
Have a Great Dane that listens to what we say.  Someone might say "Let's go for *drive*" and he'll just lay there.  Someone else might say "Let's go for a *walk*" and he's up and at the door before we draw our next breath.
Whenever a paper towel roll goes empty, we give it to the dog and let him chew on it for a bit. So whenever he hears us unscrewing the top of the paper towel holder, he comes running over.
I had a package coming to me this weekend and I noticed when I'd hear a loud diesel truck, I'd run to peak out the window to see if it was FedEx, which made me start to wonder how well a dog can distinguish the different frequencies of vehicles - more specifically if he knew when I was coming down the street.
My dog gets 2 bones with PB in them a day. One in the afternoon and one at midnight. They’re kept in the freezer. If you open the fridge, nothing. If you open the freezer, even if she is outside, she knows and has to check if it’s PB time. Even though she definitely knows it isn’t. 

It makes me feel bad when I get ice and she comes prancing to the kitchen thinking maybe it’s PB time.
Our cats are such assholes they’re banned from the bedroom at night-so we use tuna to lure them out before bed. And when we’re out we just open the cabinets in the typical order to trick them. Sorry not sorry.
Bless his little heart
Remi speak
Pretty much a prime example of classical conditioning.
I love that permanent mean mug husky puppies have.
My cat does the same thing with the cupboard his treats are in. To my ear all the cupboards in the house sound exactly the same. You can open any of them and he won't react, but so much as bump his treat cupboard and turn around he'll be right behind you even if he was on the opposite end of the house a second ago.
Now that’s a dog that looks like it would scream fuck.
u/savevideo
This is frickin' cute tho
Pavlov and his damn dog
Is your last name Pavlov by any chance?
“Oh, shit! You rang?”
This is my cat with her treat bag hahaha
With the behavior he certainly will be husky
Awwwwww adorableeeee hehehehe! So cute!!! 🥺🥰☺️
My cat kind of does this. I trained her "come here" early on, but then she only started to do it when she knows I only have food.  


I made sure she knew I wasn't looking at her while I was eating one time, gave her no indication that I was going to give her food, made sure I had no body language in any sort of fashion. Said "come here" and she came sprinting across the room. Any other time when I say it now, she gives me a blank stare like "what do you think this is?, I only do tricks for food".
He walked over like an animal crossing character haha
This is me when I hear a bag of chips opening
Operant conditioning is beautiful, isn't it?  


Edit: Apparently, I confused classical and operant conditioning. My bad.
Awesome now you have a perfect signal to lure your food to you.
You rang?[reference](https://youtu.be/zgKxham7q7Y)
u/savevideo
Pavlov has joined the chat.
sound #3748.56334 detected
So fucking cute
I swear one of my cats can tell the sound of the drawer the treats are in! Ive open other drawers nothing. Just chills on the cat tree. But as soon as i open the treat drawer here she comes! Took her several months to learn her name but knows instantly the spund of the treat drawer lol.
Who remembers “Mermy Sit! Good boy. Mermy speak! FUCK”
So cute!!
Little Dude knows what time it is.
Cute
You'll never untrain that. Have fun.
What a small world. I got E-XA-CTLY the same utensils holder.  

But I don't have the dog.. :(
Lol can relate my pup is fat shit too
That puppy looks so evil and so cute at the same time.
i see husky puppies all i can think of is them saying "FUCK"
Smart good boi
This looks like a leopalace one room apartment complex set up. Hope you have room for your growing family!
LOL, so cute. I love Huskies.
r/rarepuppers
That face be like 
You DARE WAKE ME FROM MY SWAMP
My cat is like that with the sound of a pop-top cat food can. Brings her running. Unfortunately, I'm rather fond of canned sardines, and any time I open a can, there she is looking up at me with those Puss 'n Boots eyes that say, "You haven't fed me in a year and I'm starving and how could you be so *cruel????*"
Have you tried playing him Johnny Cash?
❤️❤️❤️
Every time I open a can of something, the cat comes running. She's apparently never learned that some cans contain things other than cat food!
Pavlov would be proud.
Give him some food now!!!
Looks like a normal size puppy to me
You rang????
My husky is the same way . I could drop food anywhere on the counter or table or fridge but if its on the floor or in his bowl he is THERE.
Dogs are crazy perceptive, I always feed my dog at 6pm.  The second the clock ticks over from 5:59 she runs over and if I'm sitting down, stands on two paws and puts the other two on my shoulder and pokes me until I feed her.  It's literally the cutest thing I've ever experienced.  She was mighty confused by daylight savings time though haha
My BC is like this.  If I touch his food bowl or my sneakers, no matter where in the house he is, he goes to full alert and runs and finds me.
If you think this is bad try getting a ring doorbell and leave the noise on for notifications, my phone makes that sound when cars go by and my boys go apeshit thinking it is my mom or dad visiting
My puppy does the same!
Sit,speak,FUCK,good boi
That was too damn cute lol
We keep ours cat’s snacks near the water filter and every time we go get water, no matter where she is or what she is doing, she’ll come sit nearby and just stare at us until we give her a damn cookie.
My dog was just like this. Would ignore every sound, including us calling for him sometimes, until we shook that damn kibble bag -_- then he would jump up and run over so fast haha
Kept the dog treats in my storage room. Anyone who goes in there, my dog will follow just in case.
My childhood dog wouldn't bother getting up if she heard me opening a treat bag from across the room. The fat lazy pleasure beast knew that I was going to give her a treat and would just wait where she lay, mouth open, patiently waiting for this small interruption in her day to conclude so that she could continue napping.
Stop vertical video syndrome.
U better have fed it lol
Repost karma farmer
Dogs are so smart! My husky mix knows the sounds of our cars, the steps of the neighbors that he knows, etc.
They’ve figured us out!
Such a good little Pavlov pup.
Well thats conditioning.
Ok Pavlov
Just when you think they're not paying attention...lol
Bamboozling the bamboozler
Some dogs can be trained with toys and some with food. I think we found out which kind of dog you have.
Good ears
"You Rang?"
Conditioning complete
My dog for whatever reason will sometimes stay and stand at the top of the stairs in the morning until she hears me pee in the downstairs toilet and only then does she come racing downstairs.  Not sure why but I think she's used to me telling her to wait upstairs when I go downstairs for something quick
Hmm I guess Pavlov really was on to something here
Sargent Husky here, reporting for food, sir!
Selective hearing.  I suffer from this as well.
This is the cats in my alley. They hear plastic bag sounds and they come running
My pup gets a little banana when I make my breakfast. Somehow it’s not the sound of the banana tearing open that summons her but rather the sound of me picking up the knife to slice it. How does she know the difference between this knife pick up and any other? Is it the combo knife and peel that does it? Who knows but she’s a genius
Bowls, treat packets, and anything else my kittens hear as tapping, they run to the source of the noise meowing.
Me too little buddy, me too.
That is one handsome pup!
My parents live on a lot of land and their yard is huge. Sometimes when they can’t see their dogs they’ll take a scoop of their food and put it in the bowl and the dogs will come running inside. It’s worked for years.
Haha, this is my dog when you open the drawer in the fridge with fruits... nothing, but when you open the drawer with meats... boom she’s there.It’s wild.
Name him Pavlov
/u/savethisvideo
r/unintentionalASMR
/u/vredditshare
Is that a Siberian husky🥺
The way his brows, he's like....be done with it.
I have a kinda beanie hat I only wear to walk our dog. She can be totally asleep, at any point in any room of our not completely tiny apartment, any time of the day or night, and if I even touch it she’ll be there in about 3 seconds, sitting, tail wagging and ready to go. It is to my ears completely silent, it’s like she can sense when I think about touching it.
Smart.
There’s a reason it wasn’t Pavlov’s Goose.
Feed that dog, you monster!!!!
PAVLOV!!!!
This is how I imagine Alexa works. Always on, always listening, but in passive mode.
Super cute 🐶
One of our dachshunds is obsessed with cheese. No matter how quiet you try to be even if you run the kitchen faucet she will show up from across the house if you touch the cheese drawer
Meanwhile my husky reacts to all kinds of bowls
My fridge has 3 drawers inside and my dog know the difference between the veggie/fruit drawers and the cheese drawer. The second I open the cheese one she come trotting into the kitchen thinking she's getting some fermented lactate.
If my sister says the word avocado while standing in the kitchen, our cat will come running from anywhere in the house. She can say it in other rooms, I can say it in the kitchen - no reaction. She also doesn’t have to say it, we haven’t figured out how, but he can tell when she’s taking one out of the fridge compared to other products.
Tail go floop
This is how Siri and Alexa work.
My cats recognize the sound of my car.
All dog owners know the leash is the deadliest object to accidentally touch. Even touching it and the dog(s) will come barreling out of no where just ready for their daily walkies.
How quickly puppies learn!
What a cute boy
One of my cats reacts to... me sitting on the toilet. No matter what she's doing or where she is, she comes-a running for pets. God forbid I close the door, she moews 'til I'm done with my business.
“Speak”
“Fuck”
You rang?
The bowl is a paid actor
I was waiting for it to say... FUCK!
This but cracking open a banana for mine. I’ve never seen a dog adore bananas as much as my golden doodle.
when you said husky for some reason i was picturing a chubby dog
Real shit.
speak
okay, pavlov
I wonder, do dogs/cats love a routine life?
Like the freshest of glazed doughnuts. Thank you
wakey boi
My parents have an outside cat. The trick to get him to come back home is to stand outside with his bowl and pour food into it.
When my boy was about the same age he ONLY woke up after I opened the jar of peanut butter. I’d tripped on his dish without him budging but scent of PB got him up.
Our dog only needs to hear our neighbours keys and he is up and ready. Doesn’t work with anyone else’s keys though
Darwin proved this 200 years ago and were still amazed
Remy sit
When my cat escaped my apartment a couple years ago and didn't come when he was called I decided to condition him to come to the sound of a call bell(like u see at hotels). Every time I give him wet food(treat) I ring the bell.   


I keep the bell on the counter and sometimes when I'm just doing stuff in the kitchen I hit the bell by accident. He comes and starts to cry until I give him some food. He's gotten so many extra treats by accident.
Used to have a beagle that would run a mile from home, literally shaking anything would bring her back :P
Remi speak...
Disappointed. I was expecting a heavier built puppy....not an actual Siberian Husky.
Dogs have highly specialized sensors that can actually help them differentiate between different sounds.  Basically they know the difference between food bowl sounds and other items.  . Awesome ah?
“Remy sit”
“Remy speak”
So damn cute. My cat does the same exact thing.
Adorable
My dog noticed them all lol
I'm the same way on payday.
Why is he so smoll?
My dog does the same except it's when I put on my socks. I don't even hear noise from the socks but if I put them on and she's in the house she will come running towards my room because she thinks were going to the park.
So cute !
I want a husky puppy
Why hello Pavlov!
[removed]
Great example of discrimination in the case of classical conditioning
e y e b r o w s
CUTE Overload level 6 Alert Alert!
That bowl looks like my old utensils holder..
/r/huskytantrums
This is like when I talk to most of my family! They only hear what they want
My dog only wakes of for his breakfast, dinner, or if we get cheese. The combination of picking up the cheese shaver and the packing wakes him up. Must a dutchie
One word. Pavlov
*sweat on Pavlov's forehead intensifies*
The dog has been Pavloved >.<
ASMR... lol
Dizzy
My cat does this with those little tuna and cracker lunches to go. Anytime she hears the cardboard being opened she’ll run in from anywhere in the house.
If there is one thing a Husky does well, its eat. They are voracious as puppies. Ours would literally gulp the food down, not even chewing it. It made me wonder if he always competed for food with his litter but damn, it was nuts.  
He's 3 now and he has mellowed out.
What an adorable little shit
It’s like that episode of the office when Jim had the tik taks with dwight
remmy sit!
I love dogs!
Angry smol pup is cute
u/savevideo
If I place a peanut jar lid on my counter my dog comes running.
This is my cats with anything that sounds like their treat bag. I like the resealable bag of M&Ms and it makes the same sound... so any time I get M&Ms I now have to put them in a glass jar that I can seal so both cats don’t show up and act like I haven’t fed them in forever.
That is so cute!
Thats rude, he's not even that husky.
Our cat (decades ago) used to be able to tell when my dad was opening the dried cuttlefish package by sound.  I'd normally assume smell but she could do it from like upstairs moments after he crinkled it.
Meanwhile, in the dog social network   

"Silly human can't tell apart the sound of a 0.6cm thick plate from a 0.7cm"
So, we really arent that different after all....
“I learn the important things, ok?”
[^"fuck!"](https://youtu.be/T5ljF6XgTww)
Its almost as if the sounds are different. HOW CRAZY.
Whenever I want my cat to come over, all I have to do is shake her treat bag and she'll run at full speed to me.
My dog knows the sound of the peanut butter jar opening, and the zipper on the backpack, which means a hike is coming....
Paaaavvvvvlllloooovvvvv!!!!
An old dog of mine would come running into the kitchen from across the house if he heard an egg crack
Nice socks
Hah those eyebrows.
The camera going back and forth legit gave me a headache afterwards.
My old baby Trudy can hear the sound of a pretzels bag opening up anywhere in the house and appear in a second despite her arthritis.
cutest ever
[removed]
\>:|
My dog can hear me peel a banana. How is that possible?
OP: Taps anything  
Puppy: I sleep  
OP: Taps food bowl  
Puppy: Real shit
"I will take 'What is a Pavlovian response?' for $400, Alex."
He's like "what's poppin momma?"
Don’t gas the lil dude/dudet up like that haha
My dog will be asleep but as soon as i peel a banana he will race up to me.
Mine too! She got into a bag of sour patch kids once lol
I hope he got a treat! Such a good boy!
reporting for ~~duties~~ munchies
"You raaannnggg?"
Savvy lil pupper ❤
This just in dogs can distinguish between different sounds.
Someones been to Ikea I see.... (I have the same cutlery holder for washing up).
He/she looks so angry. I love them
Dog's name must be Pavlov
My dogs know a specific beep on the phone cuz it’s an alert saying the garage door is opening & they know someone is about to walk through the door. 😅
My parents’ dog knew the sound of the kitchen cabinet door where cutting boards were kept. It meant there was potential for dropped cheese or meats, and she would tear through the house to get some!
That's your Pavlov bell then.
My cat knows the exact sound of the spoons I use for her wet food. She doesn’t come to the food drawer opening, me peeling the can open, or the sound of her food dish being set onto the counter, but she sure knows the quiet jangle of the cup full of baby spoons I use to dish out her food.
You know how small puppies are so "cute and curious"? Yeah, they're just looking for food because they're too stupid to realize that just smelling something doesn't mean there's food.
muh hart muh soul
The routine alone has my husky bouncing off the walls in the morning because it's breakfast time. As soon as my alarm goes off, she's yelling and jumping around until her face is buried in a bowl of food.
That kitchen looks British
Pavlov's puppy
My old dog used to come running whenever I opened the fridge
wow, its almost like dogs have ears
Same
I’m not fat. I’m just a little husky.
Pavlov’s alarm clock
Yup all I have to do is clink my dogs bowls together and they come a running!!! Love it!
that's an ikea cutlery stand right there
I’ll call my dog downstairs and he could care less...the moment I drop something in his bowl, the f****r runs down the stairs at full speed!
Was expecting a portly puppy
Pavlov’s Dog.
Yup. My older husky knows the difference between the sounds of crinkling plastic. Is it a piece of cheese in plastic? Or is it just plastic wrap as it’s going over leftovers? She knows which one may lead to a treat.
When we are snuggled in bed — My husband plays the video of our dog’s dish being filled with food and the dog perks up from his slumber and runs downstairs. 

It’s hilariously awful.
Too cute x.x
Dogs are smart af. I give mine both a piece of cereal every morning when I have breakfast, and they can now tell the difference between the sound of a cereal bowl being placed on the counter and any other dish, including the other slightly smaller bowls that aren't cereal bowls
My cousins dog would come running if I sprayed the whipped cream can at all.
Can confirm. My husky only get excited for walks and the sound the Greenies bag makes when I am unzipping it. I feel like they purposely make that bag audible.
Stop playing games and feed me now! Probably what the dog would say.
P A V L O V
This is my boxer when it comes to cheese slices. I could open absolutely anything that has a plastic wrapper on it and she won’t do anything. As soon as I unwrap a slice of cheese she comes running from the living room.
Bitches got perfect pitch!
That's ham for me. Every time I make a sammich they come a running
"Goood. Gooood" - Pavlov, probably
I sleep. 
I sleep. 
I sleep. 
Real shit!
Good doggie!
My childhood cat knew the sound of someone opening a yogurt cup and would come out of the woodwork as soon as you did.
Those look like men's socks and legs/feet. But you have your nails did..
Pavlov's Husky
##FUCK!
Pavlov : "hellllls ya boiiii!!!"
we used to store the cat treats in one of the cabinets and every single time that cabinet got opened my cats would rush into the kitchen
Can't beat classical conditioning
My cat Willow loved chips (I would only ever give her a small piece, it’s a lot of salt), it didn’t matter how sound asleep she was when I came in, the second I set the bowl of chips down she’d wake up and meow at me until I gave her some. God I miss her.
Adorable!
Same
"You rang?”
Pavlovs dog right there
Lol my cat only reacts to the clink of her ceramic bowl. Each night, she will be asleep while I put away all the dishes from the washer. Glasses, played, dishes, she sleeps through it all. As soon as her bowl makes a slight sound from hitting the counter, she wakes up and runs to the kitchen.
Whip cream can-instant madness
DAMN YOU, PAVLOV!
Reminds me of the video of the cat waking up to the sound of a can opening.
Feed that gooboi dang it.
Good dog.
#Classicalconditioning
My dogs know the sound of me grabbing my glasses in the morning apparently. I have 2 large gsd mutts who sleep in the living room and my senior terrier mutt sleeps in the bedroom. The other day my terrier walked over my glasses which were on the floor by the bed and the 2 gsds came running because they thought I was getting up.
Remy, Remy speak
So cute
Is his name Pavlov?
i sleep

real shit?
Lolol
"Remmy sit."
"Speak."
Anyone have the video of the retriever who sleeps through every clicking sound except for the last click of a laser pointer?
Our chonky cat will come if you crinkle her treat bag or shake her greenies tub. The other one always wants new water and comes whenever we fill anything up at the fridge water dispenser. They both get excited whenever it looks like we're opening a can of anything (I'm guessing they think can= wet food) and putting anything in a tiny bowl.
Every morning when I make breakfast my dog only gets out of bed to beg for food once he nears me sit down in the kitchen chair and not a moment sooner.
Priorities
My pug always respond to 
"Let's go for Walk".

He come to on the call even in deep sleep, walking like drunk and half closed eyes.
I seriously thought my cat was completely deaf for like the first week I had him, until it became apparent that he just didn't care at all that I was trying to get his attention. He could hear a food can being opened from the opposite end of the house.
One of my cats can tell the difference between any similar sounds (keys jangling, pens clicking/hitting each other, fidget cube button presses or flipping switches, etc.) and her laser pointer. If I pick that up she tears into the room like a bolt of lightning. That’s even before clicking the button to turn it on!

Before anyone asks- she gets other playtime with toys she can “catch”. At least 20m a day. Laser pointer time is rare. She’s been able to recognize that very specific sound since I’ve rescued her. I’m wondering if a pervious home left lasting impressions with the laser pointer being super fun time or something.
Such a cutie!
Not enough of that Husky pup!!! Want more, you monster!
Lmao
You rang hooman???
I sleep. I sleep. I sleep. *Real shit!* - Husko, probably.
Pavlov experiment
My dog knows the crinkle sound of a package of ritz crackers being opened. He will not move a muscle if you open a bag of chips or any other type of wrapper, but he will come bolting into the kitchen even from the other room if he hears me unwrap some ritz.
Pavlov would be proud
Dogs are scary good at distinguishing sounds and assigning meaning to them.   Mine have routinely been able to tell who's coming to the door, by the sound of the last car engine.
Came here expecting a fat dog.
What a smart boy!
u/savevideo
Pavlov would be proud
OMG i want a husky, so cute.
Hes like you cant fool me
“Remy sit”
Speak!
bruh, thats the same with my puppy, you can shout at him and he wont even listen, but the slightest touch on his food bowl and he becomes alive again, its like having a zombie.
He's fat cuz you palvoved him.
where is it
Ding: i sleep 
Dong: wheres my food oh yes oh yes hahaha
No Pavlov’s dog comments makes me feel queezy.
They all come running when I’m even washing their bowls after they just ate everything lol
My husky can guess people by how they open the gate while asleep, only hearing it through the door. It's pretty cool to watch.
No bag of human good makes my cat running EXCEPT a bag of ben and Jerry's cookie dough bites. I guess the packaging is closest to the cat treats we give her so she recognises the sound of it instantly and comes running only to find what she thinks is me wolfing down a whole pack of her treats.
The Pavlov is strong with this one.
Same. Lol
Remy sit! Speak!
Cute
I fucking love dogs.
How adorable!
Ivan Pavlov would be so proud.
I usually work and study on my computer, and when i'm going to take the dog for a walk i turn off just the computer screen, now my borker know the sound of the screen button! The moment i press the button he came running thinking he's going for a walk
already has the resting don't give no shit face!
I relate to this on a personal level.
I'm not convinced.

Triple tap versus single taps.
It’s almost as if they have common sense and an ability to hear, wow!
Splash pants touched, dog appears for walk
Oh my god he's so cute... That was adorable
Every time I cook. It's my fault because I spoil my little bitch, but if she knows I'm cooking, she knows she's eating.
B O W L
u/savevideo
[deleted]
Adorable and funny
hi hi😀
Repost
It's almost like it has a brain! /s
There are going to be so many huskies in shelters in the next couple years :/

Not a comment on the owner pictured just I've noticed that they've become a bit of a trendy dog in the last year or so and I know not all the people I see getting one will be able to handle how demanding they are as dogs.
Huskies have super hearing...bet he can hear that tap outside.
[removed]
