Come here boy! Jump up! I've got you!

Oh yeah, hi son.

Come here boy! I've missed you!
[deleted]
Go ahead and mute this one
Doggie equivalent of a handbrake turn.
*And the cat's in the cradle and the silver spoon. Little boy blue and the man in the moon.  "When you gonna hug me, dad?" "I don't know when." But this dog sure does make me grin. I'll hug you when I'm done with him.*
Baby: Oh...hello. Well, enough of that.

Dog: OH. MY. GAWD!!! IT'S YOU IT'S YOU IT'S YOU!! OH! MY! F*CKING! GAAAWWWWWD!!!
We just left our roughly 9 mo old dog at my parents for a week and half. When my wife and I walked through the door she didn’t know what to think and scurried into the other room... then 2 seconds later blasted back to the door and went BANANAS. I think she was confused for a second then got the scent and realized OH SHIT MOM AND DAD ARE HOME!! THEY DIDNT ABANDON ME AFTER ALL!! HAPPIEST DAY OF MY LIFE.
“You might be my son, but this is my baby.”
The music on all of these videos makes them so corny, such a shame as they would be so much better just with the excited sounds of the dog and the baby.
Bahahahaha the music. What the fuck?
Dogs on slippy floors will never not be funny!
The son I've always wanted.

Oh... Hi son.
The dog is genuinely happy, awesome!

If there was a carpet, the dog's traction would have led to him bumping the guy out of the house
Oof! Sucks to be that kid
That kid knows their place. They've played second fiddle to the dog before 🤣
God I wish people would stop putting music on top of stuff. I don't need some slow paced soft voice inspirational music to tell me this is a touching moment.
I'm guessing that the SO amd the kid probably already met him when he came home and they wanted to record the dogs reaction seperate. 

Either that or he's the kids step parent.
“Hi son!”

*Hi dad!*

“... I was talking to the dog.”
I just hugged the shit out of my German Shepherd.
Music's not loud enough
Someone needs to get the traction on that doggo sorted out.
r/masterreturns
Lmao “dog! dog! dog! *Oh hi okay now fuck off son* dog! dog! dog!”
Love how the crappy sappy music just awkwardly ends like it realized it wasn't needed to begin with and just bounced
I would have enjoyed this video more without the corny ass music.
That’s either the largest toddler I’ve ever seen or  that kid is in desperate need of potty training
Barely hugs his kid picks the dog up in the air
Getting sick of these fuckin’ reunion videos of dudes with no deployment patch, like bro where were you, the fuckin’ class six?
“Oh yeah the son too, hey”
The baby showing up reminded me of this http://www.cc.com/video-clips/qqc6x9/key-and-peele-welcome-home-video
Fuck you son. My fur boy is my true love lmao
The dog. "Baby back thats my dad"  . So cuteeee
Aah yes, we can clearly see who the favourite son is...

Can’t fault him. That doggo is the BEST.
I wonder where he came back from because I don’t see a deployment patch, just a slick sleeve laughing out loud
and that’s the day I realised I’ll always be 2nd place...
Lol I feel bad for the kid haha
If you look closely, you can see when the ABS engages and their paws start pumping.
Poor kid
Wow man..poor kid.
These video's make me kinda sad on one side singe he has been away for so long the dog probably thought he was dead or something
*Picks up dog before child*
I know these videos are cute but I can't help but think about the ones that don't get to go home on either side.
Guess who is the favorite child?
*Childhood flashbacks of being ignored intensifies*
What a lot of people aren't understanding is the fact that his dog is so excited he might injure!  He's not ignoring his baby he's protecting him from scratches he wasn't anticipating... Good boi/dad/littleboi
Fuck off baby let the dog have his moment
Please just leave the orignal soundtracks in, the music is always so cringey
Fuck sending anyone to war
When you've been gone for 2 years and your wife introduces you to "your" 1 year old son lol
This is cringy
He’s like, “ya ya kid, whatever. I like dogs.”
Ok son; get the fuck off me now back to the dog
We got a puppy last year, and it was my first dog. At first I was like "man this thing is so much work, why did we get a dog? I don't understand". Now a year later he's my best friend on the planet and I couldn't imagine a world without him
Had to put my 14 year old German Shepard down in September. Just crying in an office lobby looking at my phone like a crazy person.
Welcome home!  Thanks for serving!
Pet the kid
I’m sure someone else may have mentioned it but... we don’t deserve dogs.
Dogs > toddlers
the kids like:

“Welcome, Father, I am most pleased of your safe return from the service to the United States Army, I will express my joy fullness with a short hug, farewell father.
Yeah...dog was like @ I known him longer” 😂😂
I'm officially anti-military now.   
Good boys must never be separated from their dads/mums/families. Someone get the UN on the phone, it's time to negotiate world peace, for the sake of the doggos, kitties, kiddos and I guess the adult humans too.
I know this will drown in the growing sea of comments here but... Thank you for your service, u/tubaugus & family. I hope you have a wonderful holiday season and you and yours stay safe!
[removed]
These stopped being so adorable after I enlisted and realized dogs will react like this on any given day you come home from work. 

Chances are good most of these "home from deployment" videos are really just "Came home on a wednesday." videos.
Adorable
Love the video, but what’s the deal with all the shit music that gets added to these clips? Like, I get it. I can literally see and hear that this is an emotional moment. Ya’ll don’t need to add a soundtrack to indicate the sentiment lol.
Dog was like: *tap tap tap* WOAH WOAH WOAH IS THAT YOU DAD?
I mean it's cute but I feel bad for the kid. Damn dude.
German Shepherds are too pure for this world
[removed]
In Georgia, there's a stray dog who has made it his job to protect this kindergarten class so they can cross the street safely. He shows up every single day, even barking at cars that don't stop.

https://youtu.be/utcdTcIb9KE
To be fair, the dog was first in line

And you have to respect the line
We had a German shepherd who would get this excited when I came home from uni. Just the biggest, softest lad. Wouldn’t hurt a fly. Still miss seeing him when I get home.
Holy shit that song... jeese
Dog before child
What I would give to see my dog one last time...
The guy was outside for only 10 minutes...
That kid is old enough to change his own diaper.
Scram kid! Daddy's home!
It was that moment he realized why his name was #2.
So I assume that the boy is not his son, correct? /s
No little thing he my dad
That cartoon skittle at the beginning by the dog haha
Excuse me son, but I haven't seen this dog since you're mom was still pregnant with you.
I can hear the skidding brake sound when he slid.
r/dogsonhardwoodfloors
German shepherds are just the best
That dog at the start: " I think something is going on I am going to check, wait it's him"
You watched this more than once
I need screeching tire sound effects stat
I’m hoping he already saw his kid and not just completely ignoring him.
Dog got there first kid wait your turn
You can never tell with dogs though.  Guy could have been gone 6 months or 12 hours.
Somebody has got to add that Scooby-Doo skidding/zooming sound effect to this.
Kids grow up but pets are always babies! :)
u/nomrbond3
Must not be his son.....
I like stuff like this, but why is there always some stupid fucking music over it? Music over everything when the video is good enough by itself. This type of stuff, sports highlights, all covered by music that nobody wants for needs.
The added song gave me diabetes
He went full Scooby Doo
Omg i love how the kid is like "MY DADDDY MY DADDDY"
Hugs dog before kid. This is the way.
As a shepherd owner, can confirm this is how they greet you after you've been gone for more than 5 minutes.
We don’t deserve dogs.
That's how my dogs are
r/cartoonmoment
Why are my eyes sweating??
Dammit, who's cutting onions in here????
Tip: mute
What is the dog jumping on i cant see it (camo Joke)
Screw the smol child !! Must give puppy more pets!!
This is adorable!
He's more excited to see the Dog then the kid..😆 🤣 😂
Wow, that dog's eyes really lit up when he saw his person was home.
Plot twist:  he just went up to the corner store to get a pack of cigarettes
aww thats really cute
That music though 🤣
Here little guy, here’s a little hug, now back off.. my Romeo is tickling me from behind..
Well we know who gets more love.
You always pet the dog first

Only then will he allow you to say hi to others
Puppers first, child later.
He watch tom and jerry too much..
And all he did was go to the store
MY DOG, MY DOG, MY DOG!!!!!

my kid

MY DOG, MY DOG, MY DOG!!!!!

MY DOG, MY DOG, MY DOG!!!!!

MY DOG, MY DOG, MY DOG!!!!!
If you’re gonna add audio over the video, at least add some cartoon screeching breaking tires to the dog.
I have a GSD as well and he would absolutely do the same thing. He’s so happy to see my wife and I in the mornings when we all wake up that he cries like a newborn baby, licks our faces, and shoves his favorite toys in our laps...even though he sleeps in the same room as us. GSD’s are great.
That was nice but felt cheapened by the music.
Funny how you never see cat videos like this... hmmm...
The dogs more excited than the kid is
Dog have same reaction when you go to the toilet or go to shop to get milk ha
Can’t tell me animals don’t have souls...how else can they love like this?
This makes me sad because I’m at the vet and they might put my dog down
He’s so happy
Omg that’s so adorable
Very sweet
He did the cartoon stop and go
Dog whipped his neck back like “..WAIT ITS HIM”
“It’s enough to make a grown man cry”
Doggo: “wonder if there’s food in the-“

*screeching tyres*

Doggo: “HOOMAN!!!”
I RESPECT THIS MAN'S PRIORITIES
♥♥♥ we dont deserve dogs
Oh please people, why do we take a loving moment and turn it into something wrong?
His dog got to him first, that is all. I personally thought it was very touching!
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Dogs love unconditionally! World would be wonderful if we all could love each other the same way!🐕👍

Yes, I have a rescue Shepherd and she greets her #1 human this way most every day. Think about getting a “rescue” dog. Although we “rescue” them from the shelter, they rescue us in so many other beautiful ways!
“ Sniff” I’m not crying you are
Absolutely true love ❤️🐶
Ah yes priorities. Dogs always come before children every time
German shepeards are the cutest and most loyal dogs.
These moments are beautiful in their own natural audio. No need for a sappy song.
this is an example of a good cry
10/10 this is why I love dogs
Really brings tears to my eyes. My dog Buddy was always this happy to see me. I miss him dearly.
"I want to be inside your body with you!"
Can't belive that dad would not grab his son and let him know he loves him way more than he loves a dog.
Urban Mowgli took a mental note of his place in the pact lol
I can’t get over how kid is secondary to the dog no question
No deployment patch, so...where ever he "went", it wasn't that far away and he wasn't gone that long.
See /r/masterreturns for a bunch more of these sorts of things...
There is something special about the a dog’s joy seeing their master.
Please just stop with the music, the clip stands on its own
r/hugthebaby
Is there a version without the shitty music?
Gonna have to go with /r/pickupthedamnkid on this one
Does it need the stupid fucking music?
HUG THE KID FFS!
This made me really miss my German shepherd, Lady :(
i love how’s he’s more excited to see the dog then the kid lmao
Dog > Child
God I hate the music they put in these videos. Is it the same person editing these?
Get this shit fucking music out of here
[deleted]
That poor child :((((((((
lol get outta the way kid, the pup needs love!
ITT: people who care about dogs and stitty playover music instead of how depressing the neglect on that child is.

Edit: stitty is shitty. Dunno how that happened, but it stays.
Poor kid man. His dad is back from the army and he gives all the attention to the dog, while the kid just waits screaming "daddy!". And then poker face and a little hug, fuck that guy
I'm so glad for the loud music drowning out the kid screeching "MY DADDY!" at the dog.
Top comments: wholesome

Bottom comments: EW DIAPERS
Fukin-A, hug the kid before the dog!
Well guess I’m gonna dive into YouTube vids of animals reacting to soldiers returning home for the next few hours
Imagine if he wasn't forced to join the army and go away...
Survived deployment without a scratch... Loses an eye to the excited dog when he gets home.
Fuckin SKRRRRT
Name a more American thing. Guy in a military uniform returning to a dog with cheesy music to accompany it. This is the "send bobs and vegana" of americans.
So cute!
"We should drown out the video with some shitty music from 2004"

-person who made this video
Someone cutting onions near me
Dumb question but why do all those US soldiers come back in uniform? Is it part of a tradition or do they really have zero civilian clothes when they leave?
downvote because sappy bullshit music that didnt need to be there
Minus the fatigues, that is pretty much a video of me coming home from a quick run to the grocery store.
Great post.  I do want to say this:  I don't know the sacrafices you and your family had to make for service because I did not have to make them.  I did not have to make them because folks like you did.  I cannnot overstate my gratitude.  I hope you and yours have a great holiday, and please treat poochie for me.  Tell the kid I said hi and he should be proud of you.  thank you.
I guess I’m the only one that would’ve been annoyed as shit at that dog? 

I love dogs, but damn the kid just standing there
Sorry son, dogs first lol
Don’t forget your OTHER KID!!!
I love how he just ignores his son to tend to his other big baby
The dog gets more hugs.
He really pick up his dog before his kid?
Dogs are ♥️
Cute, sure, but let's crate the dog and let the human child say hi to his dad first.
looks just like my Gracie, who is equally excited when i walk out of the bathroom. GSDs are the best.
*waddling on by* "Hold on one gosh darn second!?!?"
Can’t get close enough.
why is it always this song in these videos
Would have been better without the music
So glad I'm not the only one who keeps the baby disabled on the bench
Omg sooooooo heartwarming ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Same thing happened to me with my dog but my dog appeared smaller and younger.

Oopsy have you met the new dog? The other one uhhh is gone. Welcome back!
Would have liked it more without music. Very cute none the less.
Dogs that missed you always wanna crawl entirely into your face.
Real drift king
Me when I am supposed to go outside on a long trip but gotta use the restroom.
Wholesome
I’m not crying, you’re crying
Best breed of dog. 🥺
I’ll never not like these videos
really reinforces the military fam stereotypes with this video
Ugh, this fucking song.
We know who the favorite son is!!
That Bissell Crosswave will suck like a dying porn star.
Dog over the boy lol
My dog did this after I got back from vacation for three weeks then peed everywhere.  

Sorta messed up to ignore the kid that long?!?
People should stop putting music in this type of videos.
Like a proper family, the dog always gets greeted first.
Traumatized that kid.
I dont have dog
GSDs are the most loving loyal dogs I’ve owned.
I love videos like these
Video is legit. Contains dependapotomus.
Oh man when I came home from my first deployment and visited my parents... Holy shit I've never seen my dog so excited. He peed right on the floor, and broke through the front door as soon as he saw me. There's no way you can tell your dog they've gotta wait to give you affection, the tiny human will understand.
I can't help but cry for the ones that didn't come home.
That needs the cartoon skid sound effects.
Dog first haha, love it. 

I got home from a training last year and I walked in the door and played with my pup for like 3 minutes. Then looked up to see my wife waiting for a hug giving me the eye
I remember when I got home from my deployment I wanted to see how my dog would react. Hopefully get a cute video to farm some karma with. I stood outside, my sister filming, and they opened the door. My dog came running out, saw me, took a hard right turn and ran straight into the garage and started downing all the cat food. Stupid dog.
We just had hardwood flooring installed in our home which has decreased our Brittany's grip level exponentially. It's been fun to watch him adjust over the last few weeks. Especially when he tries to take off running which basically turns in to him looking like a cartoon without the sound effects. 

We're getting a new Brittany puppy in a few weeks and anticipate hilarity will ensue...
Okay, im gonna be honest, but this kid lowkey be looking like Mowglie. Im not making fun of the dude, okay? chill
He looks like a dog we had. Very lively and full of energy. It’s a nice warm video to see for the holidays.
I have a German Shepard, this is her reaction when I've been gone for a weekend. It's amazing to me that people are afraid of them, they're very trainable but as goofy and needy as Boxers.
Dogs are like older family members who you haven't seen in a while.
#DOGS OVER KIDS
had this muted and my brain filled in the *record scratch*
I miss my dog. 😞
Wow !!! 💖💖💖
We really do not deserve dogs.
I'm guessing that's not the child's father? I have a three year old and when I leave for a week and yeah my Aussie goes crazy when I get home but I just want to hold my child.
This just goes to show how great of a man this guy is
Anybody else hear loony tunes sounds in their head when they saw this?
Amazing.
I love these reunion videos. They always make me a hot mess but they are so heartwarming. The bond between people and dogs is so amazing. To them, we are their world and they don't understand why we leave but they are always so excited when we come back. Furry angels they are.

Thank you for this lovely video. ❤😢
Lol the best part is the kid waiting his turn
No one ever loves you like a pup!!
We don’t deserve dogs
The unconditional love of pets is one of life's true miracles. Bless that sheppy.
Version without the dumb music?
That guy was way more excited to see the dog than his own kid.
Ah yes ignore the human
u/savethisvideo
"Oh...right... hello son..."
Lazer dog is happy!
that's my dog after a 20 min trip to the store
so pure)))
Second to None!
What’s with the lame ass music on all these videos?
This video did not need that shitty music. Stop it
Well, I guess the son knows his place in the pack.
This me with my German Shepherds at home.

Walk in, dogs go mental and jump all over me for 5 minutes, "Hi family".. back to giving belly rubs.
We know who’s getting the house
Would've stayed to watch the whole thing if not for the ass-head music.
No one says they missed you like a dog 🥰‼️♥️
I think we know who the favorite is in
u/savevideo
We need the cartoon brake sound for the dog
"EMERGENCY BREAKS!"
Lets not pay attention to the kid. Nope lets hold and hug the dog. Sorry but is an animal. Yes its family but be real here. Was good and fun till you see the little boy waiting for this dad due to the dog.....wtf
Dog love is real
But how did the dog see him??
This video will be used by this kid at his therapist in 22 years time.
Could not have turned faster
Dad: I don't want dogs
Family: Gets dog anyways
Dog and Dad: _This video_
that was like Scooby-Doo hiting the breaks of his own paws
"Sorry, son, I'll say hi to you after I've finished my reunion with the dog."
The  way the dog reacted when he walked into the room instantly gave off "OH SHIT" vibes as if he got surprised or something
Such a sweet pupper
God dammit Reddit. I cry enough as it is.
r/MasterReturns
I want a dog so bad. </3. How cute..
Made me ugly cry so hard. Best thing I’ve seen all day!
very cute
It’s enough to make a 17 year old cry
Nice😍
This made me cry. This is so wholesome and just an amazing video
Oh there you are Lucifer ❤️
*Scooby doo feet sound effects*
I love dogs 💗
Dogiyo Drift
We need the looney tunes sound effects here.
Would have been much better with that music!
Dogs are capable of a level of love that humans are not. Dogs are just better is what it is.
dog > son
You pick up the dog but not the child ( I completely understand )
MUSIC BAD
Well polished floor!
Dude went to work about 10 minutes ago and forgot his wallet. Sgt Schultz ecstatic over this surprise reunion!
That dog was smothering him
Was definitely expecting to see a train with that title. Disappointed. Lol
My dogs react like this every day just coming home from work. I feel like they love you so much they want to be inside you. Lol there trying to get in. Lol
“Which one will get me more social media karma? The kid or the dog?”

“Who’s a good boy!!!???”
Dammit, soldiers coming home videos always get me in the feels
I think dogs after so long, just assume you're dead. The dog is reacting like he saw a ghost
My dog would've been peeing happy pee all over the place.
That song <3
Damn I can't wait to come home and see my dog.
My Malinois will try to do this if I'm gone for 15 minutes lol
We don't deserve dogs, tbh.
So freakin wholesome ♥️
u/videodownloader
u/savevideo
We don't deserve them.
Will someone tell that kid to pipe down. I’m hugging my dog.
I'm crying 🥲 how beautiful 💜
Love this dog❤️the biggest baby
Doggo's is way too excite too 🐶
Wholesome
I hate the song but im a sucker for these homecoming videos
Climbed him like a tree.
This is adopted
The dog: I am baby now.
Dogs like back off crotch goblin it’s my owner
That's the most heartwarming lack of grip I've ever seen
"No son, the dog is more important!"
Son says . Let me step back and allow you to have y’all moment. But hey I’m here “hi dad” ... “ oh yea hey son”
u/savevideo
Dog: Fuck them kids, hug me first.
This is the only military person coming home video I've ever smiled at. That awesome reaction.
haha dog go *skrrrt*
Imagine we bring all our troops home from a war that they shouldn’t have been fighting in in the first place. There would probably be hundreds of thousands of these type of videos
No time for the ABS to take control. Full lock up into the barrier.
We all miss the puppy more don’t lie
Tbh this is my dog after I get the mail
The child can wait.
I’m just gonna assume that he’d seen his son before because damn, his smile even disappeared when he hugged the baby
I love the look of relief he has when he hugs his kid ❤
Dogs are cool.
Dude must be ripped, I mean this dog is not light.
My German shepherd acts like this when I get home from the grocery store. Shepherds are the biggest and best babies ever.
The song is so obnoxious but it’s funny to hear the son yell “MY DADDY!! That’s MY DADDY!!!!!” Followed by some typical child screeches.
I want a dog that's going to be this excited to see me.
How anybody could possibly not love dogs will forever baffle me. They are the textbook example of unconditional love.
the dog is like “Fuck you tiny human, this is my person!”
Love you son, but I’m busy right now😎

#goodestboy
i wish it was that time when this song came out...ugh simpler times
Back the fuck up kid, this is my hooman
Ugh why the corny music tho? Delightful on mute :)
the true baby
I. Want. A. Dog.
Hahahaha yesssss!!!
My dog hugged me like a human when I visited home from university.

Like legit she got next to me, sat up, then put her front paws around me and cried while staying like that :(

Always feel bad in the sense that trip home was the last time I saw her. Leaving a dog behind is hella hard, even in scenarios where you recognize there's no possible way to take them with you.
Got so happy he got anime eyes there for a second (the dog)
1st time I've seeing ABS working in its full potential.
Awe 🥺
That dog is definitely thinking back off kid you just showed here
Man that face he made when he hugged the kid who I assume is his son was seriously priceless, you see the love from that two second hug
I'm surprised to see a French language Christmas ornament.
Ope here comes the tears
u/savevideo
Dog “forget that little being...IM MORE IMPORTANT”
Hopefully he already said hello to the little boy
We need more of this!
This is adorable, but it would be 100% better without the sappy musical score. I'd much rather hear those pupper nails clacking and that good boy squealing with joy than listen to the exact same song everyone puts over a military homecoming video.
How old is that kid? Looks old for diapers
Have we just discovered slippy taps? Like tippy taps, but on slippery floors?
Mere children will have to wait their turn for a hug. The dog got their first.
Bring the troops home
Mine does that after I come back from taking out the damned garbage! 🙄

This belongs in  r/Germanshepherds
Why do i always have tears in my eyes when i see such videos?
Poor kid
Thss as t is so sweet!❤️❤️❤️
Figuratively
welp guess I am watching dog reunions for the next hour... <3
Really miss having a dog :(
Is there a subreddit for dogs that lose traction on hardwood floors?
Aww, my kids jump like that when I come home so cute
Gotta love dogs, mine do this when I come home from school every couple weeks. Or when old grandma comes over. That's why it's bad haha
My German Shepard does the same thing, except my sister just came back inside from getting the mail.
No misunderstanding about who the top dog is in this house
That’s true love!
We don't deserve the amount of love dogs give us, I'd never be able to pay back the love my dog gives me when I finally come home from a half hour shopping trip, let alone being way for month's at a time.
Dog hugs > son hugs, I guess
Wholesome
I really want to hear his screech on the floor🤣
My dog didn't give a shit when I came back after being gone a year
Doggos are the best.
hey is ma hooma..  HOLY FUCK ITS MA HOOMAN, FULL BRAKES
My husband comes home in 4 days after 11 months deployed. Not sure if I’m more excited to see him or see the dogs reaction.
No deployment patch? Is he just coming home from work?
Jesus I love animals.
Is there a sub reddit for dogs running on wooden floors?
Someone should do this with cats.
r/dogsonhardwoodfloors
Around 0:33 you can see the dogs snoot go between the mans legs so he could get into the baby hug as well. So much joy in such a good boy.
This is how my dog reacts when I come back after 5 minutes away from home
Fuck you son i have a dog to pet 😂
These clips get me every time,  the pure love of our dogs what a beautiful thing
That’s an old Specialist
Dogs>kids
That's exactly the way my dog jumped on me at the animal shelter when she realized she was going "home". Had 12 great years with her & still miss her.
r/dogsonhardwoodfloors
I think the dog is more excited than anyone else. Reminds me of my dogs when my dad came back from his deployments.
Literally the first thing they could find
His face soon after was “what the hell is happening right now”
That's how my dog reacts when I go out to get the mail.
If I learned one thing in my life, it's that only your pets act this way...

Which is why when I have kids in the future I'm trading them in for puppies
Made me smile i love this
Gotta say that’s one the best feelings ever, I do a 30/30 rotation and when I get home my dog does the same thing.
"I must climb higher up the human to show him how much i love him"
wtf is up with peoppe hating on the background music. its a calm n nicely chosen one
HOLD THE PHONE
Disgusting human baby ...
Oh wait what the...
Dogs are man's best friend, surely man was outside for many years or months, humans leave, dogs do not.
Just imagine the scooby doo noises lol
German Shepards are amazing dogs.
Hell with the child, I want the dog!
Awwww. that's so cute!
The baby yelling lol
A video of a solider meeting his kid for the first time after a 6 month deployment. 😂 damn it Jody
Omg thats so cute
LiTEraLly!!!!
Dogs have such good noses. A human wouldn’t have noticed him. But the dog could smell him even tho he is not visible to the eye
WAIT YOUR FUCKING TURN, CHILD!
That is awesome
He pulled the handbrake
My dog reacts this way when he thinks we might be leaving but didn’t actually do it. Dogs are just pure.
Ah these allergies again.
r/Cartoonmoment
My dog does that if go out to get groceries lol
Fuck, I love dogs
He was so happy his eyes flowed green

/s
I love when dogs are so exctied or happy that they can't wag their tail fast enough it's just sparatic wobbling and twitching
Best part is, guy probably just went to his car to get something and doggo just as excited as if he’s hasn’t seen him in months. I miss my dog😔
Dogs are so good dude
Clip that dog's nails before he breaks a hip
Dude probably forgot his keys and got this reaction.  I love dogs.
he knows it's jody's kid
Dumb music telling me what to feel
Serious question: why aren't humans an exuberant in showing affections like this?
Dog: DADS HOME!!!
Kid: oh yay! Dad!
Dog: back off he was my dad first!!
30 second hug for dog, 2 second hug for son....priorities.
Wholesome
This song makes me cry every time I hear it
Like a cartoon dog
Legit heard a tire screech in my head when I saw this baby do this. 💜💚
Pure love ❤️
I like how he was excited to see his dog, but it looked like a great weight was lifted when he held his child.
Doggo was so excited he got laser eyes!
Adorable pup and boy!
[deleted]
Must have had to work weekend duty here
It's crazy how much a man can miss his dog and his son
r/dogsfreakout
Dog was like "y'all gotta wait, I need to lick so he knows I missed him" .
First... Welcome home! Just goes to show dogs are Mans best friend. and are our fur babies. There is a story behind this for certain, and I am sure the dogs connection is a great one.
We don't deserve dogs. Truly mans best friend.
I’d stop in my tracks too if I saw a head floating in the air like that
That slide was like scooby doo esque
Holy moly is that german shepherd wich dont have shorter legs behind, than almoust every shepherds have todays
Aw such a happy boy
It’s alright, probably not his kid anyways..
I think the dog is his favorite
Dog gets 20 minutes and kid gets 30 seconds, I like it.
We don’t deserve dogs.
This is my German Shepherd every day when I get back from work. All 4 dogs run to greet me at the door but he has to make the biggest I missed you statement. I don't hate it at all.
When I see a dog excited like this, my one and only though is : I hope he doesn’t pee
How cute lol
That is an old ass Specialist
Nice video, but literally means fucking literally
Good moments don't need sappy music. Please stop
Dogs are awesome with affection. You can come home late, you can come home drunk, doesn't matter one bit to them.
What if he has only been gone 9 hours and this is just what he comes home to every day?
Scooby Dolby Doo where are you.
If you get a dogs love, appreciate it for life! 

Best boy!
Wait your turn baby!
That’s awesome
***enough of these coming home videos., every one of my coworkers thinks I'm mental cause I'm crying***
Dog 1st, child 2nd 😂
u/savethisvideo
His name and stuff on the uniform should have been censored.  Cute fn doggo though
He was just on his way to the store but forgot the car keys.
Always sucked coming back from deployments and having no one.  Having to bum a ride or call a taxi to get home.
Someone needs to add that cartoon running sound to this video

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_YoevMYbpho
Awwwwwwwww 🥰🥰🥰
Oh my this made me cry such love! 💕
Looks like something out of Scooby doo
Hang on a sec.. I know that I love this Guy!
we don’t deserve dogs
U/savevideo
Skerrrrrrrrrtt
Stops music when actually non-fur child hugs him 👀
This is amazing!!!
No yeah it's cool. Just bc I don't like something doesn't mean it's not cool.

We cool.
We seriously do not deserve dog's
That’s my dog every time someone enters the house
Dogs mind: run, run, run, waitttt a fucking second.
Was he saying, that’s MY daddy?
U/savevideo
Doggo: hey mikey!! That’s my fuckin ball, u little sh— whoah whoah whoa!!! DUUUUUUDE!!!
Omg! So sweet!
Kid: Dad, do u like me or my brother more?
Dad: i love u both equally.

Meanwhile

Dad and the dog:
The dog was more exited then the kid lol
We don’t deserve them ❤️
I want to give this every award ever
How did the dog see him?
Hugs the dog, just daps the kid (sup bru)
Awesomely beautiful
We don't deserve dogs.
Crying tears of joy along with his dog. They may have been partners on deployment.
r/mademesmile
Oh my heart just melted
I cried.
He was already goin nuts he probably could smell him and then...
“Sorry son, the dog was born first”
Dang even stole the caption of the original video on TikTok. Lol.

u/savethisvideo
Aawwn. Michael's favorite color!
My dog reacts like this if I'm gone for an hour. I'm scared to see what he'd do if I was away for the length of a deployment!
So wholesome inspired to be a dog father like you
The dog was so close to going thermonuclear, his eyes were so bright. A few have mentioned he should have paid more attention to the child but I think the kid will survive. Bringing the dog back down from the edge of a meltdown probably helped everyone in the house, having an 80 pound super charged hyperactive dog can be a disaster.
Back from weekend drill
u/savevideo
Wow, he’s so happy to see his dad. He can’t get enough of the home welcome.
Cuuuute
I'll be like this dog when my bf finally comes home
Awwwwww ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
That is just too much to handle
Omg my heart. This is so pure
I watched this 5 times and happy cried each time. It's just soo fricken sweet!!!
u/savevideo
OMG! Much love❤❤🐶🐶
AWWWWWWWWW!!!!!!! 🥰☺️
My last fur baby was incredibly upset at Dad for going away for so long that he refused to look at him when he came home. My husband farted in the dog's face and that's what made him wag his tail and suddenly, he was daddy's little boy again.
That’s so touching
r/watchpeopledieinside the kid
Warmed my heart ❤️
"you ever love someone so much you want to be inside of them?" - this dog porbably
Wholesum
I mean, making a dog go crazy for you like that, is the ultimate goal in life. I aspire to be like that guy in the future.
Amazing!!
Wholesome af
Love the snout up between the legs! I would have preferred the video without the soapy music. The sounds of the dog are heart rendering as it is. It really ached and missed the master.
Crying like a baby
My son is in the military and every time he returned home from deployments this is the way his dog reacts! One time when he returned home his dog came running really fast, leaped in the air towards him and both wound up on the floor! His wife and children always picked him up at the airport/base and it was big excitement for the dog when he walked in the door! Such unconditional love!
