WOW!!!! Go Shiloh!!!
She looks a good 5 years younger!! (Human years.. I’m not sure how that calculates to dog years!)
Good on you! Im sure Shilohs hard work was work on you as well.
Shiloh 1
Me 0.   

Edit: wait, what? My first ever comment is blowing up? You are too kind Reddit! 😅
From every veterinarian in existence...Thank you!!!!  That was a long journey, but Shiloh appreciates your effort.
Wow. Is there a backstory link?
From silo to Shiloh
Animal neglect is awful, but it's almost equally awful to see people overfeeding or doing things that they think is so amazing of them, but is killing them.  Glad to see him doing better!  That first picture looks like he's about to fall over dead any second.
Well done
OP you are the best kind of person. You brought an old dog back into her prime, and you reply to all the reddit comments lol. Congratulations to Shiloh, she's looking great, and congratulations to you for your love and determination. Thank you for sharing this. Thank you for giving Shiloh a new life.
Man it pisses me off that somebody would allow a dog to get that fat.
Listen, I’m gonna need you to listen very carefully.  Do not falter from what I’m about to tell you to do, no matter how difficult it may be.

I need you to lay your hand palm-down on the top of Shiloh’s head.  Next, move your hand in a brushing, circular, or lateral movement (your preference).  Finally, I need you to say to Shiloh these exact words.  You ready?

“Good puppy”
Transformation from fat golden bear to fit doggo complete.
Before: Shilot 

Now: Shilow
Holy shit good work to both of you. Looks like No Face from Spirited Away after eating everything in the first pic.
Get Shiloh a sweater. 

Source: lost a lot of weight, everyday I'm cold now.
Wow if this isn’t an inspiring before/after pic I don’t know what is
Aww. If Shiloh can do it.. maybe I can too!
Wow this is incredibly fatphobic and harmful to other overweight dogs everywhere. My dog is still fat and for her to see a dog lose weight in order to be “healthier” /SKINNIER/ AND LIVE A HIGHER QUALITY OF LIFE is incredibly insensitive to my dog Rebel.
r/dechonkers
Great job!
I wonder if, under all that fur, he has stretch marks or loose skin like a human would have?
OP - thank you for caring about that poor baby. We need more humans like you.
Omg post her in r/progresspics!
Who let this poor dog get so overweight?? Certainly not the same who are celebrating the loss lol.
This is what should be on r/chonkers
Excellent work!
how do you even get her that fat, what a horrible owner

(the person that made her that fat not the one who adopted)
Awesome but I would never understand how owners let their dogs get fat like that.
WHOOOO LETS GO SHILOH
Yay! Good to see another golden owner excercising and feeding their dog properly.  Its hard to do this as goldens love eating more than any other dog ive seen.  They have no limit!  Good job good girl.👍🥰
Oh, this is lovely. She looks so uncomfortable in that first photo.

I seem to remember this story. Didn't you post videos of her trying to walk when she first arrived? It might be good to link to those so people can see how far she's come (assuming I'm not getting her confused with another overweight goldie).
Omg look at the CHONK. Glad she's living healthier these days.
Pretty girl! Proud of all her hard work
Take my free silver award Shiloh! You deserve it.
Wow, this is awesome and he looks so cute and really good! 🥰🥰
[deleted]
Mfer was looking like hungry No-Face
So unfortunate that owners allow for this to even occur.
I had to watch a friends dog one week who was pretty fat, and we’d take him on walks. He’d only get halfway down the street, and then he’d just stop walking. But by the end of the week we got him to be able to reach the end of the block.
From Bear in the Big Blue House to... well, Shiloh! Very nice work! :)
Good human for helping them
Jesus that was a BIG dog
Wonderfully de-chonked!
Thanks for not giving up on your dog!
Well done shiloh. She is beautiful
How did she get so big?
She was beautiful the way she was! Just because she didn't conform to traditional "beautiful dog" standards doesn't mean she wasn't perfect for her! /s
That’s a huge bitch!
Congrats Shiloh! :,). She went from Bear in The Big Blue House to Air Bud 💚
She looks gorgeous!
What a good puppy and puppy parent!
Yeah Shiloh!!!!!
Good fucking job Shiloh that is Aalto if weight to shed
I’m so proud of you both
That’s amazing! You saved that dogs life
You vs the guy she tells you not to worry about
Great job Shiloh! You look great!
Gotta walk.
Wows you go Shiloh
Aw! Good job good girl!
I am Shiloh 2 years ago 😔
Yaay Shiloh!! And good job Shiloh's person!!
Go Shiloh!!!
I’m so proud of her!!
Well done Shiloh.  
Your workout has made you in fit ..
You are looking awesome now..
Damn Shiloh gonna be picking up all the fresh doggos on the street!
Shiloh! Wow! That is amazing. You look like a pup! Congratulations!
Little chonk has become little slim
“It’s wafer thin!”
You go, frosty faced Shiloh! Enjoy every minute of those walks!
Wow!! This is inspirational! Go Shiloh I bet your owners are more than proud. But your owners should be very proud of themselves because I know they had to put alot of work in as well. I see this as unconditional love. Made my day thank you Shiloh!
so proud of her! great job
Look at this beautiful skinny girl! She’ll live an amazing healthy life!! 💕
I’m so proud of her!!!
Ah! Congratulations to Shiloh! Such a good pupper
I LOVED THAT BOOK AS A KID! Tell Shiloh I am proud of her
What a cutie. I adore Shiloh!!
Good For Shiloh!
You can tell Shiloh loves his weight loss
Holy fuck that dog looks like he needed gastric bypass
Good girl, Shiloh!!!!!
I’m pretty sure the left side is a picture of a bear
 Youth is the gift of nature, but age is a work of art.
That first pic is def me in the mirror and photos these days
Looking GREAT, Shiloh! You’re an inspiration to dogs everywhere who are struggling with their weight!
Well done. Happy dog.
I hope to do as well as this dog.
Amazing! That's so cool. Good on you guys!
Dang she was a Chonker, but congratulations!
Here before someone calls this fatphobic. Good job dogger! I’m proud
The before picture of her looks exactly like my boss. He is human.
She looks great!
How did she get like that??
Good girl, Shiloh. You look so pretty
THIS CALLS FOR A CELEBRATION!!!
What a good girl! Go Shiloh!
You are a Rockstar pet owner.
Way to go Shiloh!!
Here comes the obligatory "you should keep them chonkers" comments
ngl i thought chonky doggo first
She’s beautiful!
Truly inspirational!!!
She looks like a super model now !
Omg I love this
He looks so so much happy and healthier should add years to his life, well worth the effort by both of you.
Shiloh looks like she’s enjoying life!
Congrats Shiloh!!!!!
Jesus who lets their dog get like that in the first place  ...
Does shiloh have arthritis from walking so much woth too much weight on his joints and bones?
You can see that she is unhappy on the left, happy on the right.  You've done great and so has she.
Old Golden's are the cutest granny dogs ♥️🥰 the white face they get is adorable.
Looking great!
Daaaamn should have been named Silo. What a transformation.
congratulations Shiloh!!! I hope she has many good walks ahead of her. And thank you OP for putting in all the love and hard work to give Shiloh a better life, I know she appreciates it.
My goodness. What a transformation!  How much did she walk a day and what’s her diet like now?
Y'all no more holiday excuses, if a dog can do it you can too.
Now theats sum motivation
Holly heck that was one chonkster off a pup!  she is looking so healthy now!
Wow, such improvement and good for health and long life. Beautiful dog, bravo to you 👏
Thank you for being an awesome dog owner and helping her get healthy!
This is awesome. Shiloh is going to be your buddy for a lot longer now.

I'd you'd be so kind, could you cross post this to r/chonkers? This is what that sub should be
r/progresspics
Yay Shiloh came from cute chunk to even cuter running pup
r/dechonkers
 Beautiful. 
Can you share with us how much wait Shiloh lost?
Chunk to hunk
How did she get like that in the first place though :(
My pup's name is Shiloh! :)
Awww that's so rad. An accomplishment like that deserves a treat 😏
I don’t understand how she ever could have been that weight - what kind of person (*I don’t mean you, her Forever Home*) lets an animal become so grossly overweight. It breaks my heart to see that kind of cruelty and ignorance
He put down the donuts, maybe I could do the same.
My first dogs name was Shiloh. Aww the feels.
Ayyy my girl has a neck again! Good job Shiloh, you adorable little thing you
She looked so sad before!

Good for you, Shiloh!
De-chonked with love 💕
The poster boy for r/dechonkers
Can you walk me next?
This is AMAZING! What a pretty pup.
She’s a sweet girl!!
She somehow looks younger. What a pretty girl! I'm happy she's healthy and doing good
Thank you for not glorifying it
awww omg
You have saved her life and look how svelte she looks  ❤️
thank you for loving your doggo
Fat doggos give me anxiety.   :(
[removed]
Wooflerd Brimley.
OMG!!!  Congratulations!!!  That is some major dedication as an owner!!!!!!  You did good!!!!!
Gorgeous pup!
This gives me hope
Holy potatoes that dog was a fatty dingdongs. Im glad he's able to move normal again. We got a jack russle from some people who didnt have a yard and didnt walk him. Looking back he was pretty much a sphere with legs. He a normal little tater dog now.
Poor thing looks like eeyore on a rainy day.
Is the Dodo video that was just posted?
Amazing!
aww
Wow this is amazing!  She must have been motivated too, you can control what you feed your dog and you can take them for walks and runs, but the dogs attitude is a huge factor too. She looks so happy!
She looks happier
Sumo class to let's go class, great effort!
She looks amazing, congrats!!
Good job, Shiloh!
i feel bad for LAUGHING at that FAT DOG
Successful dechonkification
Tell Shiloh that I am very proud of her
Heck yeah!
Looking happy and healthy, shows us humans to dog up!!!!
Right : how I looked in Jan

Left : me today
Man what a unit, turned zoomy
Oh sweet girl! That must’ve been so hard for her but she looks amazing now!!! Great job!
Do me next
She is gorgeous. Good job.
I have only one thing to say. Aww
jesus christ you should’ve named it silo instead cause holy almighty
Good for you guys!!! Way to protect your fluffy buddy
Poor doggy never should've been allowed to get to that point in the first place.
Jaba the mut
Shiloh celebrated her weight loss by eating a gingerbread house.
So inspirational
VERY VERY CUTE DOGGO
Congratulations Shiloh!
Wowowowoowow ❤️❤️
YAY SHILOH!!!!!
Uh, left picture is proof that owning a dog should require a license. Great to see shes doing good now.
Will you come and do the same for me next year? 😉

Covid, lock down, working from home combined with poor will power and lack of motivation (and the convenience of just eat) has seen me balloon this year! 

If I can make the same progress as that good girl there I'll be chuffed! 😁
thats amazing.  i never really consider how dogs/animals need exercise too.
Shiloh, give me strength as I attempt to do the same.
I bet this dog is SO much happier. Thank you, OP, for taking care of her. I hate when people think animals are cuter when they're fat :(
What a good girl!! Good job cutie!
That's absolutely fantastic to hear.
HOLY HELL, GOOD ON YOU

Your dog must be so much happier.

Congratulations
Holy shit it’s so nice to see the wonders of owners who put effort towards their companions.
/r/dechonkers
She was so chonky
Great job! I bet she feels better
beautiful. i bet she is so much happier too
Great girl! I love her!
From Shiloh the Silo to Shilo the svelt! Good boy!
Good girl Shiloh! Now Shiloh needs to take me for lots of walks.
Please tell her what a good girl she is for me!
Good job, I can only imagine how many years and how much quality of life that kind of weight loss has added to her life!
Aw, I remember when my dog back in the day put on a load of weight (through unavoidable circumstances). Its a hell of an effort to get them slimmed down again so congrats.
Omg Shiloh. You look AMAZING! Congrats for a healthier life ♡
This is so much better than "lOoK aT My HeCKiN ChoNKer"
Chonk to stronk
Wow.  Crazy that anyone let her get to that point in the first place.  We spoil our dog a bit, but as he got older and less active, we got more mindful about what we fed him in regards to table scraps.  Great work getting her in shape, though!
Good giiiirl!
Whose a good dog? You are Shiloh! You are!
Congratulations! I'm happy for y'all!!
Years younger. Seriously.
She looked like a bear.
This is so beautiful it’s a true inspiration! ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Absolutely wonderful!!!!!
Lol
Ayyy my girl has a neck again! Good job Shiloh, you adorable little thing you
I was so sad for this gorgeous Shiloh when i first saw her and read her story, but now i'm crying tears of joy for the way she and her new family have worked as a team so she could achieve such a healthy goal. Enjoy your fully fledged freedom Shiloh,i hope and pray you have many more years to enjoy being the happy healthy much-loved doggy you have always deserved to be and thank the Good Lord for giving you the amazing family who have helped you so much because they just love you. Big Cuddles, sweet precious Shiloh.
literally me!! me, me, me, me, me!!!!!!
How do you know that though?
Yay! Can someone turn me into a dog so I can lose weight?
Has the “beautiful at any size” crowd chimes in yet?
Holy smokes. I had a golden named Shiloh who looked a lot like the fit version. In terms of coloring and face!!!
Jeez. Fuck whoever let her get that big.
Can you walk me too?
Question. My mom has a small dog. And after being neutered (sorry my English) the dog began to get fat and fat. 

She just give her regular dog food like pro plan or one of those. Just 1 meal per day. 

Can anybody recommend a good diet? Thanks.
Freaking wow! Good on you for helping her. No offense to your family but i have no idea why ppl let their animals get like this. They dont have self control on their own really. 

Like i have no doubt it was done out of a misguided sense of love but theres better ways. Just some affection or play is just as exciting of a reward for a doggo. Glad to see her looking healthy
Aww. Goldens are just the best.
Way to go! That is loving your pet to the fullest!!
Q
Dreamer bulk
🙌🙌🙌🙌 great job!!!
Good boi
What diet did you follow
Shiloh-lawd-she-coming amirite
Shilo, when I was young  
I used to call you name  
When no one else would come  
Shilo, you always came  
And we'd play
Good job Shiloh!!
To the owners of thg is pup, or ones that have done similar, you are the MVPs.
The dog looks older at the left. Just saying.
Truly an inspiration to us all
Hell yeah Shiloh! Damn she was a big girl
Shiloh Boof to Shiloh Buff
I bet Shiloh loves the results but hated the journey
Shiloh looks so happy and healthy now! Beautiful girl!!
I can only think of David Spade in Grandma’s Boy when I hear the name Shiloh
👏
Flipping the image gives the definition of r/chonkers
Aww congratulations, Shiloh!🥺✨
Yes is beadiful
Yo you named your dog Shiloh too?
Good for her 💜💜💜
Shiloh probs works out more than I do smh
What kind of food/how much did you feed him?
Awesome job! Good baby!!
Good boy
Yay!!
From silo to Shiloh
Aw :)
More like guy blow.....just kidding that’s awesome. You rock
Shitload to Shiloh
All that hard work paid off! 👏👏👏
Good doggy parent
Such hearts are few in our time ,you make very good job congratulation
Good childhood movie. Also good pup motivation.
r/dechonkers

Edit: just saw you posted there, but leaving this up for people that hadn’t seen that sub before.
Someone should take me on walks
Good girl Shiloh!!!!!
Good job doggo and doggos human
Outstanding! It is obvious you love her! Seems like a sweet girl!
Bit of excess skin there...
LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOO
Way to go Shiloh!!!!
Remarkable, really. Good work!
We are so proud of you!!!!!
He giving that look like 😐
Wow
She did her best!
From thic um’s to sick em’s
She was Shilarge, now she’s Shilow
❤️
Giving Shiloh all the cuddles and good dog pats! Having a bad few days and if Shiloh can do that, gives me good vibes I'll get through my own things!
Congrats Shiloh!
Goodest girl to ever live? Goodest girl to ever live
Not gunna lie, I read it silo! Haha
What a handsome man
Oh, man! You did an excellent job.
That’s awesome! Well done you guys!
Dechonkified and looking very happy
Cute
LETS GOOO
Did you call him silo for awhile?
Wow Shiloh definitely looks much happier afterwards. Probably feels better too. Good job
wow this awesome
She looks great
The before photo of Shiloh reminds me of the bear in the big blue house
Perfect picture of a coconut.
How about you? I bet it affected yourself as well. You should put up some pics of your self for some challenge!
How is distance measured by tons ??? WTF Moment
I think either you or school lying
You’re my hero. I won’t forget your gift to her.
Tell shiloh that she's amazing, every day.  She'll be so much happier now
How do you weigh walks?

good job, beautiful doggo btw
Congrats Shiloh!! :)
GOOD GIRL !! she’s so cute, she also looks happier now that she’s healthy
Chonker success story!
We did something similar!  We adopted an 8 year old 98 lbs black lab.  We got him down to 50 lbs.  These days he is 14 and 55 lbs.
My dog is an Australian shepherd thats over weight and he’s on a diet and exercise regimen rn. Glad to hear from someone who’s had success!
Wow
r/chonkers would hate this
she's my new role model
YESSS SWEET GIRL!! FLUFFY QUEEN!!
Hi OP, are you me in an alternate reality?

I’ve always wanted a golden retriever named Shiloh. I truly hope you’re living my/our best life out there.
What about you? That's a lot of walks. :p
Good girl 🥳
Aww looks beautiful! Good job Shiloh!
This is what love looks like too!  She looked miserable before you helped her.
Good girl!!
Shiloh looks great!!!!!! Congrats to you both
Shiloh, you Even inspire me: Milo a feline who hates dogs!  Thanks for posting your dramatic make-over
Walk me please.
What a good girl
Chunk to Hunk
Congrats, Shilo and your caretakers!!  You look beautiful!  You must feel so much better!
Is that a Nova Scotia Duck Tolling Retriever?
who did that to that poor dog to begin with??
I've been seeing a lot more fat pet pictures then usual recently. I'm glad to see one much healthier.
Good for you, Sirloin!
Shiloh is actually the way Swedes pronounce the word “kilo”. Meaning one kilogram of something.
Shiloh LaReouff
Awesome job Shiloh’s owner.
Shiloh was more like Silo.
Thank you for not being one of those owners that think an obese animal is cute.
Well well well, looks like an American dog to me
From thicc to fit
Yay!
r/chonkers is crying rn
Way to go 👏 🙌
That bear turned into a wonderful doggo
Great job! Shiloh is a lucky girl. 👏🏻👏🏻
Inspo
What a cutie 😍😍😍
Beautiful and amazing! Thank you for getting your pup healthier! I know it wasn't easy.
Go! Go! Go! Shiloh
I love this so much ❤️ it is giving me inspiration
A dog did a better job than me
In 2020? There's always light in the darkest of times.
Good job, plump doggo frond! You look very svelte now!
plot twist, this dog is Japanese where things are read right to left and she has reached her target weight for canine sumo - a new underground sport with high stakes betting run primarily by the Yakuza. Don't ask how I know about this.
That’s a good girl.
Amazing what walking can do, works really well for people too..

If you are having weight issues.. just start walking, it will help... walk as much as you possibly can and keep walking more.

Great work Shiloh
How did she get that fat
Huh
I also have a golden names Shiloh.  We take a long walk every day weather permitting. 7 yrs. old and looks just like your Shiloh.
dude i love this. just got back home for the first time in 4 years and my dogs are my workout buddies. Its crazy cuz theyre were very sedentary since my folks never walk them and they were STARVED for the activity (dat jack russell vibe) now they're eating better and are looking slimmer aswell and everyone says something and damn its just nice to be their for them and improve their health not to mention all the positive affects it has on me.
♥️👍♥️
CHONK
She looks so good!!!
👏👏👏
Can you walk me too?
Operator, operator
She's doing better than me LOL
That’s  great!!
Best girl ever! 😍
That is a REAL chonker to a REAL cutie
Wow, how did someone get a dog that fat in the first place without doing something about it.
Wow! Slow and steady. Great progress, great achievement!
It's a real struggle!  And poor Shiloh must have felt so betrayed by not getting food when she was hungry.  Which was.... all the time!

Good for both of you!  Hard work on your part, I know.
Congratulations to her and you! You both did amazing! Way to go Shiloh. You deserve lots and lots of boops and love.
Awww. Good girl! That's so amazing! 


Pet for me please!!
The left seems almost abusive, imo
If you reverse these pictures and change "walks" to "food", you become the worst dog owner in the world. 

But seriously, the dog looks 5 years younger!
Wow can you take me for a walk and help me lose the weight LOL
Named after the famous Shiloh Village, no doubt!
Oh wow! Amazing transformation!
She looks so much happier!!
HOLY $#!T great job
Shiloh like....Shiloh? The dog? From the book? Or am I tripping
How can you let a dog get that big
Now THIS really deserves an AWW! I'm so tired of people posting pics of some huge pet / animal. All I can think of is how what kinds of painful side effects they will have to suffer, and probably shortened life, because someone overfeeds them. But THIS beautiful girl obviously has owner(s) that want her to live her most healthy life - grats!
I love Shiloh
Good girl, Shiloh.
If a dog can do this, so can I. *grabs another lemon cookie* tomorrow. I can do this tomorrow.
She went from bear to majestic mountain lion!
I need to follow Shiloh's example
Can Shiloh give me some tips please??
Awesome!!
I need to start that!
From chonk to stronk
[deleted]
How does a dog get so fat?
Gorgeous😍
Awww, congrats, Shiloh!!! <333
Thumbs up to Shiloh!
Which one is the before?
Look at that chonk
✨❤️🍄🍝
Get it Shiloh!
First he looks sad hes fat . Then hes sad cause hes hungry.
But...but that's not in accordance with Reddit chonkers??
It’s still fat-shaming if it’s an animal, prove me wrong
Where did the idea for her name come from?
Did the owner reach the target weight too? 👍💪
Good for the good boy, but we will never forget his cute chonk (that sounded weird 😂)
R/getmotivated
Chonker
That is really amazing! I cut 17 lb off my dog in 5 months. I replace most of his daily kibble with green beans. I was buying green beans and bulk and giving him half a cup of kibble and the rest green beans twice daily and he dropped weight like crazy and the vet was elated.
Bruh that first pic ain’t a dog, that’s a bear
You saved this dogs life. There's no two ways about it.
With all due respect how can a dog even get to the weight on the left
Yo dog is so thick
He even discovered 4 dimensions
I am shiloh
Aww what a sweet old girl.
The dog looks so fat in the first one but in the second it’s very in shape I’m literally laughing at how the dog looks like in the first picture (no offense)
We discover my dog was hypothyroid. Started levothyroxine, and she lost 35 pounds
Congrats Shiloh. Shame on the owners.

Who lets their dog get to this point?
Well done
Yay
Wow Shiloh used to be a silo.
I feel like left dog and I want to be right dog.
From Jabba the Hut to Super Dog. Great job!
Animal weight-loss journeys are the cutest 😭 great job Shiloh!!
I’m about to take in a dog who is obsess. How’ve you done it?!
I love how she looks equally as unenthused in both pics.
What a good girl.
How did she put on so much weight in first place ?
Why was she so inactive before, did she have a different owner before that didnt watch her weight?
If you are reading this comment, I hope you have a great day and a wonderful holiday season
She looks so happy and healthy! Makes me miss my old Golden girl.
Not to exaggerate, but i would die for Shiloh.
Thassa good girl!  ❤️🐶!
Who let her get like that, to fat I doubt she could stand for long
r/dechonkers
If this is not the perfect fitness motivation I don't know what is.
Reminds me of my old cat Vinny. He passed about 6 months ago but when we got him he was 35lbs and we got him down to about 22 before he passed.
Aww
She’s so pretty
Yay! Healthy puppy❤️
Das a biiiig bitch.
AMAZING GOOD GIRL
She looks like T H I C C when she's a bit.... round.... Idk I don't want to make it sounds mean. But yeah she's so cuteeeee
Great! Bet they are enjoying their walks more now. 

That poor dog had cankles!
Good girl *B O O P*
She was a F!cking UNIT!
Yay congrats to Shiloh!!
Who needs weightwatchers?
That’s an amazing transformation! I bet she feels like a puppy again after losing all that weight.
I think the left one is actually her target weight, haha. 

The right is your target weight, for her.
Good boy Shiloh
Me and my sister have been helping out our dog’s Gi-Gi lately to help her adopted dog, a 56 pound Boykin named dove. I feel this
Awesome! Hats off to you and your dog!
/r/getmotivated
She looks so much cuter without the fat! And that coat is simply adorable on her slim instead of her round one!
She so purdy!
based shiloh
Shi-good.
Very happy to see Shiloh lose the weight but damn I wish I could give chubby Shiloh a hug
Absolute Unit
Cross post to r/fitnessmotivation 😂
Half a ton + walking a ton = tons of cuteness
Isnr there a YouTube video about this dog? It might just be a similar thing
How the fuck does a Dog even get that fat?
Do dogs get excess flabby skin like humans do after losing a lot of weight? I wanna see.
From chonk to champ! I’m sure she is much happier now.
Fantastic
A proud, proud day. Congrats to you both.
Plot twist: the pic on the left is from r/chonkers for dogs
I forgot that’s a sub for cats... uhhh
God bless her!
Hey little fat ass
BREAKING NEWS:

CYUT THICC DOGGO BECOMES CYUT NOT THICC DOGGO
Probably the most important was the diet because i dont think she was able to walk that much at first.
Honest question: How much was the dogs lifespan shortened by the obesity though? We know how harsh it is on humans...how bad does that affect dogs?
chonk becomes hunk
Great job, Shiloh! 🧡
What's the subreddit for recovering chonkers? She should be featured there!
You have added years to her life. Well done!  We are so proud of you Shiloh.
Good work!
Holy...cow...bear? Dog...woof.
I wonder how many people would call this fatphobic
Good job, shiloh!
very impressive weight loss...
Si happy for those puppet
Meant to say pupper
This is amazing. I love this. I go for long walks with my best companion, my amazing dog, weekly, and I try to never take that time for granted. She loves her walks. Love love this story. Cheers.
Shiloh has to feel so much better!
How ?
Fantastic.  Brava, Shiloh!
Omg who can let a dog her that phat? Good for her and the patience of the owner.
Congrats Shiloh!
Shiloh looks like No Face after binging in the bath house in the first pic. Very beautiful pupper now!
Why does she look so sad in both ☹
So happy for her. Way to go parents. I know it is difficult not to give food and treats but I bet Shilo feels half her age now.
A great thing about being covered in fur is no stretch marks!
Shiloh looks great!
My min pin is just starting to get a fat roll....cutting way back in baked snacks and more baby carrots and cucumbers!!
r/chonkers mad
That's so inspiring! Good job Shiloh. 😊
 first picture looks like a boss in a video game
Aww - she looks like a bear on the left 🥺 glad she’s healthy!
Wow!
Great job, Shiloh!!! You’re the most gorgeous girl!!
The world may be in shambles right now, but the fact that this post - about a beautiful dog’s weight loss journey - has over 130k upvotes and 600+ awards is proof enough to me that we haven’t lost all hope just yet. Thank you, Shiloh and thank you Reddit community!
Jesus I didn't even know dogs could get that fat
I can apreciate a chonker while still knowing that the dog isnt unhealthy anymore.... finaly
She looks awesome!
What a beautiful example ❤❤.
Thank you Shiloh🐕🐕🐕
What a good girl Shiloh!!
Damn he thicc
Such a good girl!
Wow! How old he is?
How is even possible to make dog fat as that one?
Just waiting for the community to immediately shut down some nincompoop showing up yelling about how fatphobic this is or something 
I literally just saw 3 Reddit posts about a similar kind of thing in the last 5 minutes of me scrolling through Reddit 
This is problem is getting worse
Let’s gooooooo
Is walking a bad word now?
Just saw this article on my feed. Wow today is awesome weight loss day!

https://www.reddit.com/r/Cringetopia/comments/k7skdg/a_celebrity_lost_weight_because_i_couldnt_so_now/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf
I feel like before Shiloh, if she can do it, so can I :0)
Awesome job, Shiloh :)
That’s a fat bitch
Dam boi she (was) tichk as truck
How old is Shiloh now?
If I have to read the word CHONK one more time I’m gonna end myself and any CHONK speakers along with me.
Oh nice! Look at that beautiful transformation!  Good work - you have added so many happy years to this sweet doggo's life!
Doggo like this I wonder how many more years before the owner reaches target weight
If that fat ass can do it, so can I!!!
Omega chonk. Go Shiloh!!!
Awww! What little beauty! Woof woof doggy🐕
Awww that's so rad. An accomplishment like that deserves a treat 😏
I am Shiloh right now
She’s a puppy again!!
Any tips? My golden boy is overweight at 8 years old. He gets a walk every day but he is always starving! So weight loss has been hard!!
she reached your target weight, she doesn't care
Tons of walks - interesting image under the circumstances!  So well done.  Unhappy to happy dog!
That was a thiccccccccccccccccc doge.
kudos to Shiloh! I wish i could do that lol ;-;
I bet the before and after photos are reversed. No, that's TOTALLY not my way of trying to get you to post more pictures of that cutie for "proof" :D
Fantastic Shiloh!
Fat bitch.
 ,,,
A winner by being a loser. 

Hope you guys get lots of love and laughs together for years to come!
was your dog on 600 pound life because it looks like the same transition!!!😁😁😁
Damn how do dogs even get like that? Crazy. But glad she lost weight
My 600lbs Life: Dogo Edition

I’d watch the f*** outta that!
:')
how tf did shiloh get to the previous weight?
Shiloh looks awesome.  Way to go Shiloh!
This is awesome. I'm trying to get my husky out on more walks. She's gotten a little husky since my twins were born between us not being able to take her to the park anymore and the kiddos feeding her.
Good girl Shiloh!
I had a similar situation, where I had to leave my two dogs in the care of my father for a while, as I was moving cross-country.

Instead of their strict, two meals-a-day, eat-it-or-lose-it feedings that I did, he gave them a whole can of wet food (and these are like tall-boy cans) twice a day, PLUS, they had a giant tub of kibble to graze on 24/7.

One of my dogs wound up almost triple her proper body weight.. and, yeah, she couldn't do stairs or get around or anything. To transport her back, cross-country, my father and I built a wooden set of steps so she could get in and out of the back of SUV.

Once I got her back, with just a little exercise, and regimented meals, I'd say she was back to her proper weight in about four months or so.

Good luck, Shiloh!
I'm guessing you've extended her lifespan by a few years, and for sure you've made her remaining years more enjoyable.
I don't understand fat dogs. The owners are totally in control of the food. Shiloh isn't going to GrubHub in some McD's at 1am
So fatophobic. Body shame dogs like me less please!
They did a study where they overfed one monkey and underfed his twin by 30%, the twin was sharper (mentally) & lived longer.

This applies to dogs & humans as well.
GORDITO
Congratulations
As a Vet Tech, I absolutely LOVE to see this!!!
aww
She went from Shiloh Fluff to Shiloh Buff!
DAMN THAT BOI WAS FAT HOW DID HE WALK IN THE FIRST PLACE!
Daaang. Homie was chonked af.
CHONK
Seeing overweight pets losing weight always makes me cry. I'm so happy to see them escape abusive treatment, especially if it's the original owner who has realised they were doing wrong.
Haha I know a chunky dog named Shiloh
uwu
Someone's gonna call it fAtPhObiC lmao
Yay!! Congrats to her for all her hard work! ❤️🐶🐾
So inspiring 🤘
Shiloh (not spelled like that, just pronounced) means dog in Cypriot Greek.
Awwwww
Hmmm why does the first photo look like me
tell her I am so proud
She looks like a puppy now!!
My neighborhood is called Shiloh Woods
Me next!!

Many more long, healthy years to Shiloh! ❤
Just another fat bitch on a forced diet :) lol jk it’s good to see a happy healthy dog.
Why are there so many obese golden retrievers?
What a former fat fuck no offense
Damn boy she was thick boy
chonke boyyyyyyyyy
She looks so much happier and full of life!!!
Yes!!!!!!!!
Good job Shiloh! I'm so proud of you!!
twitter would call you fatphobic
Good job doggo
I can’t even believe at that age Shiloh was able to make such a drastic change. Gotta love this!
Good for him!
Shiloh, you look wonderful! Good on you.😻💓
r/chonkers
If he went on a diet, what is it? My dog is getting a bit... not fit.
aw good job pupper
She looks a good 5 years younger!! (Human years.. I’m not sure how that calculates to dog years!)
