Always love seeing animals choose their people - my pup chose my fiancée. As soon as they met he jumped in her lap after being so incredibly shy to everyone else. Good for you man and treat that kitty well
Congrats on your new little buddy! She looks pretty at home already.
This is truly heartwarming <3 The two cats I adopted already as adults, were the ones doing that too. Mr Lawrence gave the best hugs, and Princess Cuddles used to sleep with me on my shoulder just like that :3 
Your post brought me very happy memories!
r/shouldercats would appreciate this.
Um, who adopted who? You may think you had some say in the matter but we all know the truth 😺
Oh, just look at her! Hello, my Person, I love you.
This is how I knew mine was the one, too! She climbed right out of her kennel at the shelter and onto my shoulders where she started purring and grooming me. 11 years together so far! I hope you have that and more with your new cat.
Omg I want one. She’s perfect 🥺
“Mine.  Dis here, is mine”😻
'Dis my hooman meow!'
Deeply satisfying to see.
I swear sometimes they choose you. I went to adopt a 1yr old male from the humane society and left with a 6yr old lady. She would not leave me alone the second I walked into the viewing area and I thought fuck it girl, I get your hint. Sitting on my lap now as I browse :)
This is exactly how my partner adopted his cat.   He sat on the floor and this cat walked up,  sat in his lap,  and started purring before any other cat got close.
When I adopted my youngest, he cradled himself in my arms and refused to be put down.  The girl assisting me at the animal shelter said, “they always know.”  

Definitely true in your case, too!  Congrats on your new family member!
Dibs on this human bye meow!
I took My wife to a shelter three months after she lost her cat of 16 years. She didn't know, I had to trick her. BIG fight when we got there ...

She found one that she played with and picked up for a minute. 

She put her down and said "I'm not ready for this". 

So the cat ran up some shelves then threw herself onto her shoulders, wrapped up around her neck and started purring.

My Wife just looked at me with her mouth open and tears being held back (she only rarely crys). 

I looked at the tag on the cage, and it showed the kitten was in process of adoption, so I said "She's taken but let me check"

I went to the desk and the Woman was on the phone, with the kitten's folder in front of her. "No Sir, you may NOT have payments on the $25 adoption fee! If you can't afford THAT then how will you pay for food and Vet fees? I'm sorry, you may not have this cat, we have a duty to find a safe home for our pets" (Nearly an exact quote) She hung up. 

I slapped $25 on the counter and said "She's mine now!" We both laughed and I went back to share the news with my Wife. We couldn't pry the kitten off her shoulders for the ride home.

We had Pumpkin blessing our lives for over 17 years, I had the honor and heart ripping duty of holding her while we put her to sleep about a year ago.

She was a blessing.
Negative.
YOUVE been adopted
[deleted]
Husband experienced the same thing with his cat too. He looked at the cats available on the shelter’s website and had one in mind. 

He went to the shelter and when they opened the cage, the one he wanted jumped onto his shoulders immediately while the other cats in the same cage showed no interest in him. It was fate, for sure.
This is the way. Cat picks human, not the other way around
I think she adopted you!
I previously had two cats, Phanna and Zlandicar.

Zlandicar made it to about 9 years, Phanna to 15.

After Zlandicar passed, my landlord asked me if I wanted to adopt a cat from him. At first I told him I needed time, but eventually decided for adopting him. 

He never got along with my previous cat, she just didn't like him. I still kept him... Eventually Phanna passed away as well. Leaving me with just Steve.

Steve had not gotten along with his previous two owners.

One being my landlord, and the other being my landlord's brother.

Apparently he was a birthday gift to the brother, whom left it to his brother- my (former) landlord. Saying, "He's just not a good cat."

I do not agree, he found his home with me.

So fast rewind to October of this year- Former landlord says he's gonna sell the house. I admit- I was never the best tenant, but I have lived here for 16 years through four owners. We spend hours upon hours cleaning the place up so the new buyer would be happy to keep an existing tenant.

Well guess what? The realtor was his brother's girlfriend, whom saw it before it was cleaned up. They ended up buying it from his brother (my former landlord)

I never even got a call about this, just a "Notice to Quit" on the door on my way to work.

When I called my former landlord I got no response. He later called back and I asked him if this was it? and he confirmed the papers were already signed.

This brings me to the point, about two weeks after that notice I received a text from former landlord that they would seek expedited eviction because of me owning the cat that my new landlord abandoned, my former landlord abandoned, and that I took in and bonded with.

Due to COVID, there are very few new places available somewhat close to my work. (No car), and even fewer that accept pets. Not to mention I have no credit score at all because I was month to month.

Just a shitty situation and I refuse to abandon Steve a third time. He finally came around and is a wonderful cat- but my income and credit score doesn't qualify for any apartment around me.

I absolutely refuse to abandon him a third time. If I have to pick the lock to an abandoned house or move into an abandoned building. I will never abandon Steve again. I would rather die, bro's do not leave bro's behind.
So sweet. What did you name her?
She KNEW.
Look, I know Reddit hates emojis, but the way she wraps her arm around you 🥺
Roll for initiative
My heart-
Who adopted whom?
I love that heavy sigh and the little tail wrap she did at the end there. It was like she was saying she’s home. Congratulations on getting a beautiful and awesome best friend
Well, you belong to the cat now
Her tail oh my god
I had my first cat do that to me too! Poor thing had been torn up by a dog and dropped off at the animal shelter.  My dad and I went in to look at kittens. They didn't have any, but they had quite a few 1yr-2yr olds. So they bring a few out.. they're not interested in us. Then, they bring out this beautiful cat with fur missing in places. They sit her on the counter.  She walked right over to me, nuzzle my nose, and climbed right up on my shoulder and perched like a parrot.. we brought her home that day!  Had her for almost 22 years! She was an amazing cat.. until she got older and new cats were brought home.. lol
“I got your back if you got mine.”
Got yourself a winner, I’ve been training my cat for weeks to do that and all I’ve gotten is a nic’d jugular
And people say cats aren’t affectionate. I’ve never felt more loved than by my little purr monster
You have been chosen
She adopted you as her tree buddy.
Aw that’s so cute that you think you adopted her and not that she adopted you.
She said “you my hooman...I wub you dad”
This is how my cat choose me. Went to a rescue event, person fostering handed him to me and said “let’s see if he likes you” and he climbed up on my shoulder and was perfectly content. Six years later he’s on my chest purring away as I type.
You have been chosen
You, chose wisely
Your cat adopted you.
"Hmm neck warm, this hooman will suffice"
Awe look at the love from that cat she/he just doesnt want to be left there again my heart is broken for them. u/acemancometh13 i want a cat!
Some people may say it's a wives tale but it's true we don't adopt the animals, the animals adopt us
You have been chosen
When I went to adopt my first cat, Bartleby, he had me wound around his little toe beans. 

He came up to me at the shelter, kept meowing until I picked him up, and let me hold him like a baby. He kneaded my cheeks and purred, and that was that.

Then I took him home and he did a drive-by bite at my ankles and hid.
She was like, "Look, we both know you're going to adopt me, and I'm not getting of this shoulder, so let's just get out of here asap."
Post this in r/cat if you haven't yet.
Looks like a kitty ready for some adventures just riding on your shoulders.
Is that popcorn ceiling? Just had to scrape a bunch of that recently; that stuff sucks. :(
I'm a dog person but if a cat did this to me well it's my cat now
Yep, you're her human now! How adorable!
Cuddlepaws!
Precious. This will likely turn out to be a meower who insists on suckling your t-shirt in future days. LMK if this is the case.
This reminds me of our cat we adopted. the most cuddly cat ever.
Sometimes you choose them, other times they choose you. Congratulations on being chosen and your new buddy!
You’ve got yourself a shoulder cat!! Lucky!
Aww she’s so happy you adopted her. 💕
She wanted to have someone to feel safe atop so much! Congratulations to you both!
You do realise that the cat adopted you and not the other way around?  Congrats!
It looks like she chose you. That's awesome!
I think you were the one that was adopted
omg soft food, brushies, love forever
Oh man. You are going to have so much fun sleeping now.
Oh! I'm happy for both of you!
It was meant to be!! Congrats to both of you :)
Beautiful and adorable ❤️
They know.
3 years and our cats are still don't trust us enough to climb in our laps.  Hopefully it will happen some day.
Shoulder cats are the best.
aww
She adopted you.
She’s a keeper
Auwwwww
I have a cat that's a lot like this.

She won't climb on my shoulders, but she loves attention so much she will practically trip me for it.

I always give her lots of pets.
I die for this cat!
I think you adopted a squirrel
That’s a match my friend
I think she picked you too 🥺😭 
How freaking precious ❤
I remember when I met rascal he poked his arm out to me and grabbed my shirt! Miss that cat so much
It's a love match! She's beautiful and the perfect fit for your shoulders. Congrats on the new addition!
Squish dat fur baby, and never let go
Cute guy and cute cat it’s a win-win ❤️
Thanks for helping that cat out she seems cool
That’s what sold me on my Marshmallow Crispytreat!
You have been chosen!  I had a similar experience with my cat.  I went to the rescue looking for a cat to adopt, I sat down next to this crate full of kittens.  This one orange kitten climbed out of the crate and onto my lap and started purring and making biscuits on my lap.  He also did the shoulder thing.    


2 years and some months later, he's still a part of my family and I love him.
Aww! Enjoy your new fur baby!

This is exactly what my cat did. He definitely chose me.
It's great having a ridiculously affectionate cat. My Monster Truck is the same way. I hear some cats have kind of a 'tude.
She looks just like one of my cats. You are lucky though, mine does NOT like heights or to be held. She’s a side-of-your-lap cat
This honestly isn't helping my desperate need to be a cat servant. Never had one growing up, couldn't afford it. Anyway, you received the best gift in the world, please cherish the crap outta that kitty 💕
you have been chosen
That’s a hairy parrot, but super cute!
Oh my god, I want five
That was the same way we picked our cat from the adoption center. He jumped onto my wife’s shoulder ❤️
She chose you
She looks just like my cat that recently died, she was very sweet, unfortunately she got very sick and the vet couldn’t do anything. She was just 3 or 4 months old, it still breaks my heart to think about it.
did she remain cuddly? my biggest fear is finding a cat that's super sweet at the shelter and then becomes a distant jerk at home. Would still give the kitty all the love, but man ive seen it happen before.
It’s amazing how a cat can be like “get me the eff out of here” with just a snuggle.
She picked her soulmate when she picked you.  I’m a dog person but if a cat did that to me, I’d instantly become a cat person too.
Man I’m not even a “cat person” and I wouldn’t be able to resist that.
Definitely not letting you leave without her!  What did you name her!?
Ahhhh... A rare breed.  The Paracat.
Good choice of music in the background.
Look at her cuddling! The look on her face seems to be saying 'yes, this is exactly what I was looking for' :)
Oh, I love that she did that-I could cry. Congratulations and love her every second of your lives together, OP. She’s a pretty kitty. How old is she?  😻😿
Hate to break it to you this way, but it wasn't the cat getting adopted.
Keep those back nails trim to protect your neck. Speaking from experience with my own little shoulder rider. It's dang special feeling every time though, scratches and all. That's a beautiful kitty!
I adopted my first ever cat on Saturday! Today is Wednesday. The cat is still hiding under a chair. He only comes out to eat when I'm not home. 😪
My cat did the same thing! Shelter staff opened the cage and she climbed right up on to my shoulder. I'm laying in bed right now and she's laying across my chest and purring loudly. Gosh, I love her so much.

I hope that you'll share many long years with your new cat friend!
So fluffy!!!
And there she will stay!
My catto was also like this when I went to get her (she came from a bad home so she was and still is kinda skittish) but after bringing her home, whenever she got scared, hed always come to me and sit on my shoulders, and no matter what, thts where she stayed, I could get up, go downstairs and into the kitchen and shed just be happy sat there, and over the 2 years of having her, shes only grown loyal and loving to me, I'll come home from work, and sit downstairs with my family for a minute and shell come racing in and sit with me, this will be the only time shell come downstairs that day, whether I'm gone 4-12hrs, or I'll go upstairs straight away, and shell run to me, so somewhat my waist height, like my bed, and just look at me, until I open my arms as if to offer a hug, and shell put both her paws on either shoulder and climb part up, until I cradle her like a baby, and rock her, and she just sits there and has this broken pur, which I think happens when shes really happy
I’ve had a cat for about 2 years now. She’s looked at me maybe 3 times.
Man I wish my cat would snuggle on my neck and shoulder like that. Would be amazing.
Plz human, no more Top 40 radio. Catto begs you.
I have one of those shoulder cats. Looks VERY similar, must be the breed.
She reminds me of my rescue boy [Finn](https://imgur.com/gallery/uKWtxNN). Except he’s not a shoulder cat.

She will show you all sorts of love for saving her.
Yeah that’s your cat
I’m def more a dog person but cats are really cool too. I heard about this when I was a teenager and since then I’ve always wished for a cat to chill on my shoulders
I recently had my cat buddy put down after 17 years in the house and I swore that I wouldn't get another right away. But I miss having a little furball tripping me up while I'm making dinner.

So now I find myself looking to adopt or foster a senior cat , just gotta find one that's local!
She loves you already 😭❤️
She said “you’re my human know”
She looks just like the kitty I had for 20 years. She already loves you. 

I'm not crying.
My friends and neighbors have for years called me when they’re ready to adopt, because I’m “so good at picking them out.”

The secret: letting them pick you ❤️ Who cares what they look like when they love you like this?
This is similar to how we chose (or how she chose) to adopt...

Grabbed this \~2-year old introverted cat from out of the corner behind a litter box, put her in my lap, and she just wrapped her paws around my leg. Drooled all over me. We could tell she was super stressed out and took our affection as a comfort. We hadn't even intended to adopt that day, but that sealed the deal. Walked out with her right afterwards. Took a couple months of love and patience, but she came out of her shell and she's the best cat! Low maintenance, loving, likes to snuggle, perfect for our working lifestyle with no kids.
“My person. I call dibs.”
I got scammed by a kitten too.
Um I think you have that mixed up. YOU were adopted.
Cats are master manipulators
You have been chosen.

That's how I ended up with my first one too.  She was screaming for 20 minutes in the cage until she climbed up on my shoulder and quietly curled up.
You belong to her now. Congratulations
Ours did that too.   Then never did it again.  She conned us.
If i walked into an adoption place and any animal did this they would have a home holy fuck.
she adopted you
Gotta love when they claim their humans. We just got a Blue Heeler puppy. She came right up to me and didn’t leave. We knew she was claiming us and she fits right in perfectly.
Was she purring? She looks like she was purring.
"ok i ready. lets go home"
She learned that somewhere. Sweet kitty. Glad you adopted. Looks happy.
I think the cat adopted you.
Shoulder kitties are the best kitties.
I think the cat adopted you.
You have been chosen
She owns you now. Congratulations to your new feline owner.
Correction: within 2 seconds of being adopted by a cat
You have been CHOSEN. 🥰
That right there is an EXCELLENT cat.
Omg she loves you 🥺🥺🥺
As they say, Cats choose their humans.
She chose you awww
This is so pure I almost cried
That almost always seals the deal.
She must have been waiting for you.
You seem a little confused about who adopted who. Don't worry your furry little friend will help you figure it out pretty quickly.
You’ve been chosen! Congrats on your new cat OP
When we went to find a new cat at the shelter. We went into a room with over 20 cats in it and the 3 of us sat on the floor. One black cat ran up to us and gave all three of us headbutts and wouldn't leave us alone.  Still does it 10 years later.
You better get your shit straight. She pick you. She adopted you. This was not your decision.
Cats often choose their person. You've been chosen, which is the highest honor in cattendom.
You don’t choose the cat the cat chooses you
Oh my God this warmed my cold dead Covid heart. This is the best thing I saw all day. Take care of this sweet baby! She loves you already. <3
It’s so interesting how animals can sense and pick out people. I found my cat Moxie through a pet finder website, and when I went to the animal shelter, the employee actually told me that she wasn’t very friendly and that I should look at other cats instead. They spent all this time telling me about how mean and antisocial she was and how she’d been there for years and wasn’t sure if she’d ever find a home. As soon as I walked through the door to the room she was in, she walked right up to me and jumped onto my lap and has been an absolutely sweet little angel ever since. I got to take her home the same day, and the employee kept saying how they couldn’t believe how she was behaving. 

Animals have their own little personalities and likes and dislikes, just like people. 

But congrats on your furry new pal!! I hope you both bring each other a lot of joy and comfort over the years to come.
That looks like a Norwegian Forest cat. That's what I have and my parents have one. They love to be around people they know and lay on them. When me or my parents get company though the cats hide.
She chose you! ❤️

The shelter suggested I meet a kitten, whose brothers had been adopted. I was told he was sad and might not be sociable. He climbed all over me and purred. He’s having a nap next to me as I type this.

Edited to add [cat tax](https://imgur.com/f6kOx9f)
"Ok take me home now"
HA! YOU adopted! Looks like she said "Yes this one shall do. No, i'll ride it out"
Awwww love at first shoulder cuddles 🐱🐈💖
That is AMAZING.
This cat adopted you
She knows you're the one. 

Congrats on being chosen.
Oof. My heart
She’s home!! Congratulations.
I think she was telling you OK, let's go home now!
"Human, you are ***mine*** now."
You changed her life.
She picked you. Carry on.
Im gonna need more videos and pics.
You don't choose the cat the cat chooses you.
She adopted you, homie. Congrats on your new best friend!
I had a lovely cat named Pixie that did the same thing. ❤️
I think she likes you
Awww! She knows she's found her person. You now belong to her and must serve her eternally, if that wasn't clear already.
This is amazing. It's absolutely incredible how some animals completely change when"the right person" comes along. I freaking love seeing and reading about these kinds of stories. I read a few stories like this in the comments and wanted to add my own:

When I was about 3 or so, one of our cats had 2 kittens. One of them was really sweet and calm, but the other was like the evil twin. According to my mother, this cat was the wildest and worst-behaving cat she had ever experienced. He was violent and extremely destructive, and he couldn't be trusted left alone with the other animals. My mom was so sad about it. She loved animals, especially cats, and tried everything she could think of and everything other people had told her to do to no avail. She made the hard decision to bring him to a shelter. She said this cat tore my sister and I up and she just couldn't have him in the house anymore. Being the good-hearted person she is, she checked up on that cat frequently, visiting him at least once a week for like 2 years. She wanted to make sure he always had what he needed, like litter, food, attention, etc. She said the shelter had little hope that he would be adopted because he was super mean and aggressive to every single visitor that came by.

One day, she went to the shelter, and the lady there excitedly shouted at my mother "YOU ARE NEVER GOING TO BELIEVE THIS!" And told her about what my mom had *just missed* by a couple of hours or so. She said some lady came in looking to adopt a cat that would become her new barn cat. This lady lived on a farm with several horses and a few other animals, and her old barn cat had recently passed. She said she wasn't really emotionally ready to get a new cat just yet and wasn't expecting to go home with one that day, but wanted to walk around the shelter anyway. Apparently THIS FOKIN CAT just walks right up to her and starts PURRING. LOUDLY. And rubbed his little asshole face all over her legs. Apparently he REALLY liked the way this lady smelled. She picked him up! Started petting him and rubbing faces! The lady from the shelter was floored. She told the horse lady that she needed to take that cat home with her right now and told her all about how evil he was and how he had literally never done anything like that in his life. She also told her about my mom and she kindly gave her information so that my mom could come see how he was doing. My mom was the most excited person on the planet. She said she went to visit only once, and he was like a normal god damn cat. She was honestly worried that there might have been something wrong with his brain, or something with his development that was making him so insane, and thought the shelter might've had to eventually just put him down. Nope, just turns out that he really really likes the smell of horses and just needed to be placed in the correct environment in order to function. Absolutely bananas. Sorry this was so long lol.
She adopted you! Haha
Yeah, you got a shoulder cat. Now squish that cat!
You thought you were adopting her but really she was adopting you.
Aww I think she likes you. :)
I want a shoulder cat!
>Within 2 seconds of meeting the cat ~~I was adopting~~ that adopted me

FTFY

seriously, what a wonderful kitty
I've seen this behaviour a lot at shelters/pet stores (back when they were actually allowed to sell pets here). I think cats are a lot smarter than we give them credit for, and they eventually learn that the ones who are super attached to the strange people walking through are usually the same ones that get to leave. I adopted a cat years ago, and she did this same act at the pet store, but turned out to have the exact opposite personality. She was the kind of cat that wouldn't let you just sit on the couch with an intact scalp.
I'm not a cat person, but that's an entire buffet of feels right there. Enjoy!!
My cat chose me as well! I sat on the floor with his mama and the rest of the litter and he walked right over to me, hopped up on my leg and went right to sleep. That was it for me. Congrats on being chosen - I’m happy for you!
You're not getting outta this place without taking me with you. You got that?
Ahh...young Padawan. You do not choose your Cat Master. Your Cat Master chooses you.

You should be feeling privileged..your Cat Master chose you.

All Hail The Feline Masters of The Earth
Congrats on being adopted!
You belong to each other now
Shes like "yeah I choose that human" He got no choice
I can feel my eyes swelling up
Congratulations on getting such a gorgeous little cutie! She definitely has a case of love-at-first-sight!
Onward, human! We've got places to go! :)
Cat chooses YOU
You're the chosen one
Love this. The cat is a mate for life, believe me. When we got our first cat, it was a second hand. He had received and given little affection in the years before, but when we met I petted him for a while. When I sat down and chirped him over, he sprinted to my lap and cuddled down immediatly. The then owners were surprised he did that. I had a mate for 6 wonderful years.
Shes a scout cat. Be sure to make high level shelf beds and tunnels around the house, and also get kicker toys. Scout cats are generally kickers as well. Enjoy your new bond :)
You have been chosen.
That’s love at first sight right there.
Awww. She chose you! My late kitty threw his front legs around my neck and nuzzled and purred in my ear when he chose me. Did it every day of his life until the end of his life. Enjoy the heck out of that fuzzy little girl!
I think she is adopting you!
She was like, “This one. This one right here. He is now mine.”
Chosen one!
"Yep. This one. I like this human. Take me home, servant"
- the cat, probably
YOU’VE been adopted 😻
I like your parrot
Yeah, indeed very wholesome when an animal chooses its human. Our cat came to us immediately when we entered its big cage. Now he always needs to touch me whenever he sleeps next to me on the sofa. I love the little guy.
She picked you.
I think you got adopted sir
This actually made me a bit sad. Alongside of being happy for that person. My cat died and she used to climb on my shoulders as well. We would go to stores and people loved her because she was so cute and sweet. That cat chose you and that makes me happy because I love when the animal chooses the person. It leads to an amazing relationship.
Love at first sight!
She definitely chose you. So sweet.
She chose you, You're her person no matter what now , Guard her with your Life
My cat chose me, too. We were best friends for 12 years. I miss her all the time
😭 oh my god. She found her person
Oh hell no! That cat went right for the jugular... Edge of my seat man, edge of my seat. 😸
Why are you wearing a mask alone inside your house ?
And everyone tells me that cats are stupid and are little devils when they hop on your shoulders like a pikachu. They are all lairs. Oh great now I want a cat again. Cats are great. Everyone tells me that I should get a dog because you can play with them but why would I want to get up and play with my dog? I want to be able to sit and watch tv and my cat climb up on me and I just fall sleep stroking her then wake up to her climbing up me.
That cat looooooooves you!
best thing ive seen today
What a honey! I hope you guys have the best life together.
So cute !
I mean.. do you even have a say in the matter? He bought you fair and square.
She's saying " what took ya?"
I mean... Just in case it wasn't clear.
Damn Air Wick's making my eyes water...
You have been chosen.
Yesssss
Looks like she chose you.
You have been chosen.
Yep. You’re hers now.
Love at first sight.
You were chosen
You have been chosen.
She adopted you bro
She knew.
I'm not even much of a cat person but omg I'm rethinking it all
Oh she's definitely yours now!
/u/savevideo
she adopted you.
This makes my heart melt
Ummm, you were not adopting, you were chosen.
YOU HAVE BEEN CHOSEN
You have made a friend for life,
By cat law, you have been chosen.
You have been *chosen*!
Your video totally made my day. What a gorgeous kitty.
She picked you!
oh my goodness. Such a sweet face <3
So sweet!!
My cat did the exact same thing when I first met her at the shelter. Ever since then she has refused to get on my shoulder and hates being held. Sneaky bastard tricked me, but it doesn't matter because she's adorable and loving in her own way.
She’s beautiful, & so sweet!
True love ❤️
Shoulder cats are special.
I’d keep dat
It’s a trick. Soon you will have to turn some yarn to send earths energy back to its home planet.
Love at first sight! That's magic, that is.
You have been chosen!
Aww, I love it when they choose us! Who knows why a specific kitty catches our eye, and why we catch their's? All I know is when it happens, it's magical.
Looks like she adopted you!
/r/nebelung
You have been chosen
You have been *chosen*.
It was just meant to be.
Ready to go home
She knew :)
Awww!!! 🥰
She’s  beautiful!
Awe
~*~meant 2 be~*~
Awwww she looks like my cat! Congratulations on the new kitten!
Love
I now pronounce you husband and cat.
Cats are smart and know when to ham it up. Be prepared that she may never want to do it again :P  


My cat is a sweetie, but she doesn't like being held. At the shelter though, she climbed right up on my lap and fell asleep... then never did it afterwards for the next decade. Around age 15, she finally started getting a little more comfortable sitting down on us (instead of just nearby).
aww
Are you kidding me?! Cutest of the cute!
Congrats! Mine did that too, but now he’s just a bully piece of shit (whom I love).
That cat needed some love <3
Glad you two found eachother!
“Get me the F outta here, human.....”
You didn’t pick the cat








The cat picked you
That’s one happy cat!
Saw the opportunity and pounced on a new lease on life.
That "you're" adopting.  Right.  

&#x200B;

That cat straight up adopted you, don't get it twisted.
You need to post this on r/cats!!
Thank you for sharing this. Congratulations!
Cats understand things in ways we can only know in our hearts 💕what magical beings💕
You have been chosen to be a slave to the cat collective, congratulations!
What a strange pokemon
The cat has chosen! There was nothing else you could do but adopt her, lol…
Look at me. 
Look. At me. 
I'm your cat now.
Yep, she's claimed you 😻
Shoulder cat is best cat.
You've been chosen.  Lucky hooman!
**You have been claimed, young one**
SO FRICKEN CUTEEEEE
“My human”
Awwww she claimed you ❤️❤️❤️❤️
You gotta post (more) pics of your new owner!
You know you're not allowed to cut your hair now, right?
That cat knows what shes doing
My heart!
Remember that flying animal in Avatar, the James Cameron film? This feels very much like that. I thought I read, "I was adopted." LOL.
Watch the paws buddy. Cute but deadly creatures
Aaaaww she burrowed right into your neck!
She has picked you 😸
My little guy does that too. Only he drapes himself over the back of my neck like a scarf.
that's the crazy thing. you always just know which cat is yours and they know too, it's like they always knew you.
😭😭😭❤❤❤❤
Awwww this reminded me of my girl I lost last year. What a beautiful little sweetie! She’s ready for her forever home
I has nothing to give please except this 🏅
You’ve been chosen.
That's a sweet baby right there
Aww! Congrats you both hit the jackpot!! Thank you for adopting!! ♥️
Must feel amazing, best of luck to you and your kitty's future adventures!! 💙
I hope you traded the mask for an eyepatch as soon as you got home. 

Pirate kitties are the best.
Oh that’s def your cat
Same thing happened with my cat, Trogdor, except he also started purring and biting me.  He chose ME, not the other way around.  26 pounds of maincoone love muffin.
That's how it happens!
You're now a slave.
Rule of cat, your hers now
This is my hooman.
Oh my god!
She’s so cute!!!! Congrats!
Pretty sure you are the one who got adopted. Cat be like "I'm taking this one, this is my hooman. Now give me food!"
Well now, as soon as the cat does that, you know that’s gonna be your new cat! Congrats!
This honestly brought me to tears. So sweet.  Thank you for adopting her.
This is love 🥺🥰 y’all are meant for each other!
You have been accepted!
She truly picked you. It’s the best feeling ever, right? I had a cat do that. He was my best friend for 12 years. Snuggled into my neck at the shelter and never stopped.
That's how I was chosen by my cat.  There were four young kittens three of whom seemed excited I was there.  The fourth waited until my hand went in the bin and she was up my arm and on my shoulder purring and pawing my cheek.  Maggie and I have been best buds for 10 years now.
yeah, I've known some hustles that begin with a girl in a club doing that...

You're not getting out of that hustle with all your money unless you're willing to throw a stripper across the room.
[Squish your cat](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OAGfx7eB3gA)
Haha.  My cat did the same to me when I was petting down to pet all the cats at the shelter.
It's your vampire familiar
"Hello, human.  You belong to me now."
You got that backwards, she adopted you.
YOU HAVE BEEN CHOSEN!
Congrats on being adopted by an affectionate cat! When I want to look at cats, I was holding one that looked cute, and she was huddled up close to me and purring, and I knew right then that I didn't have a choice in the matter and would be taking her home.  That was 4 years ago this week.
We intentionally picked the one that hid under something, because we thought the scared one had a harder time being adopted.

Now we have this hairy fluff ball. (2 pics, red one was from a breeder)

https://imgur.com/a/plcf50f/
This is how all three of my animals chose me! The best feeling ever.
seems to like your hair
No way this cat doesn't have some kid out there that is now lonely because said cat just disappeared.

Having said that, looks like a really sweet cat!
It’s crazy to think that most of what we all
Want, is love. Kitties , humans, puppies. MAtch made in heaven hugs
Um. Are *you* up for adoption???
A pro pair of snugglers!
I miss my kitty so much 😭😭😭😭
Instabuds
She chose you.
The chosen one
Sam?
You are the chosen one. You are now this cats servent and soul mate.
How do they know? Do they feel our vibes somehow? She is hugging you! So sweet....have a wonderful life together.
Looks like the cat adopted you! Congrats!
You have been chosen. Make sure to get her friend also.
Ohmygoodness! This is the sweetest thing ever!! Two of our foster cats we’ve had for the last five months went to their forever home yesterday and I know they are going to be so happy together with their new family. Congrats on your darling new baby!!
Nice! My cat adopted me by pushing my screen door open and jumping up on my lap after refusing to leave my back porch for a few days (probably helped that I started feeding him).
AWWWW it was meant to be
That is your cat.

(We are all witnesses).
She knows who's nice
She knows who’s best. Congrats my dude!
Aww. Happy kitty found her human 💕
They know
What a sweet girl! She's so glad to have you. Give her lots of pets and treats.
Um... hate to burst  your bubble, but YOU were the one she adopted. :)
you have been chosen
She seems like a 'U-Hauler'. 

Congrats on your kitty!!
You have been chosen.
It’s Pikachu
Bird? Cat? same thing lol
She chose you.
Lets be clear you did not adopt this cat. She has declared ownership and adopted you.
When they jump on your shoulder, you have been chosen.
Such a good feeling when the cat adopts you too
She’s keeping you
Some people believe Cats are multidimensional beings, who potentially, could be a friend or loved one from a past life - who are here to serve as your spirit guide to guide you through this one
Grats on the human you adopted, kitty!
You have been chosen.
You’re the one who’s been adopted
In Russia, ket choose you
What an absolute lovebug!
That there is a soul recognizing a soul, an old friend from lives before not wanting to lose you again.
I just adopted a cat the other week and at first he wanted nothing to do with me. He hid in the closet for hours after I brought him home. Now he literally follows me everywhere I go in the apartment haha
meh, no such thing as hugx etc o rnot, doesn tmatter
I want to see more pictures please!
“I am nervous but I think I feel okay riiight here.”
All I see is a bird
That's seriously adorable
Hooman , I choose you.
I don't usually comment on stuff, but holy fuck this made me cry. Please start an Instagram of y'all
Honey you didn't adopt her. SHE adopted YOU. So sweet. Enjoy your adorable new master!
That’s beautiful
My Boris was much the same. 12 years later hes still here and as loving. we are each others pillows at night.
Shoulder cat spotted!
So cute
It looks like she’s yours forever 😍🥰
Sometimes they pick you.
Aww... 😭 this is so adorable. She definitely chose you.
That looks like an adorable Maine coon kitty who's totally in love with you ❤️
Shoulder kitties are best kitties.
Mine
They're called "Shoulder cats"
That kitter looks like a fine scarf/shoulder cat.
Adorable 🥰
Insta Pet!
Omg u got a pikachu cat
It is meant to be 🥺
She’s a keeper!
You have been chosen!
You are her chosen one!!
He adopted you. Once he hit that shoulder you had no option.
Congrats on getting adopted by her!
This is exactly how it works! Cat adopts you!
Awwww!!! Congratulations!  What did you name your new friend?
Our dog claimed me. He peed on my shoe right away. The foster said they got there 20 minutes earlier to avoid that, but I knew right away he was mine.
Cutieee
I need to stop chopping onions while on reddit
I think my heart exploded a little- so much sweetness!!!! Congrats!!
You two were meant for each other!
You're mine ! take me home !
It's fate
A similar thing like this happened with one of my cats about two and a half years ago in February of 2018. Within two minutes of meeting this massive cat, it was already showing an unexplainable amount of affection that we essentially just adopted him as soon as he came into our house. Ever since then he has been a fantastic lap cat, affectionate whenever I pet him, and best of all a cat that likes to accompany you while you sleep, imagine waking up to a cat like that right beside you. I have no doubt that OP’s adopted cat will follow a similar path.
She chooses you too!!
That kitty adopted you I think, either way successful!
I walked into a room full of black cats at the shelter and sat down with my girlfriend. We were looking to adopt an older cat but a little fluffy boy hopped up into my lap and stood up on 2 legs to give me a hug.

He's almost 4 now.
She’s so happy to be home!! What a beautiful girl!
In ark we call those “shoulder pets” or “shoulder mounts”
This is how our cat Zuzu claimed us. We went to adopt Fozzie her brother, but Zuzu was determined to come with.  She started climbing around on my shoulders and essentially claiming her owners.  Zuzu is an awesome cat and well worth the trouble.
This is the way.
Love her tail!!!
Omg, soulmates the like no one has ever seen.
The familiar chooses the wizard.
Every cat I've adopted as an adult has done this. It's how I know they're the one.
She totally loves you!
I Fucken love cats.
Went from “oh how cute” to “I know that song!” in about two seconds!
Cats really do choose their owners!
You have been chosen... ❤️❤️
He’s going for the jugular
The tail!
Test test test
Good luck! Now you’ll never be able to sleep well again....
I audibly “awww”ed
Pets know when they're being saved. That's how our household ended up adopting a cat.
Thanks for caring!
Actually looks like you got adopted!
Yep. That's what happens. You got chosen.
It is a trap
You were chosen. The universe has spoken.
She adopted you!
Shes chosen, glad you chose her!
she gotta test how comfy you are before she adopts you
We call that a keeper!
Cat are very intelligent and I'm sure this one can figure out more about you than you think. I hope you enjoy spending time with your new pet/family member :)
Don't you ever let her go.
This looks like the beginning of a long and beautiful friendship.
You are good human.
You both about to have a blessed life together! Cherish it.
One of my cats likes to perch on my shoulders, but shes too aggressive sometimes and just launches up there at will, sometimes when I dont have a shirt on...but it's still pretty cute every time even when I'm bleeding from it haha.
Lucky you! 😊
You didn’t choose her, she chose you
It’s nice when this sub actually makes me say “aww”
My heart. ♥️♥️ she definitely saw you and thought “yup, I’m ready to go home now!”
I just adopted a shy one my first. She has been hiding out behind my wardrobe all night 🥲
Ahhhh she chose her hooman!! ❤️❤️❤️
Awwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww
It's an elaborate plan so you feed her treats.
Awww she knew you were her human
Cat: My Human!
ITS FATE
This is an excellent example of the pets choosing the humans.
Love at first sight.
You’ve been chosen
Awwwww🖤
/u/Redditdownloadthingpls
What a sweet sign!!
She knew.
Same with our cat Abby, she sleeps with me and everything I just can’t pick her up that’s all
Within 2 seconds of meeting the human I was adopting, I fell asleep on his shoulders. 
- your cat 💜☺️
Shoulder cat!
Is that a Maine Coon?
I think you got it backwards sir, it is obvious that YOU were adopted.
Looks like she adopted you.  Congratulations.
Same thing happens at orphanages
That’s so sweet. You truly made a friend for life. I hope you have it till the day it leaves this earth. That cat will love you unconditionally from now on.
Imagine being her. You’d do the same thing. Love it
Awww she adopted you looks like!
Yeah, I think you got adopted too, op 😊
You are the chosen one.
Congratulations, on locating a Human you like.  
Cat adopt Human,  Human just do the paperwork, pay the bills and provide essentials.
Excellent lettuce, OP
bestest frens for life!!!
 Find a **cat** whose personality meshes with yours
Omg, best thing to happen in 2020, right there. Warms my heart ❤ 😭
True love!
My Monster was just like this and looked the same. 

Be careful as he started doing this to other people he liked and it became a problem with him jumping on random people :-P
Aww a double adoption, you adopted her and she adopted you lol.
That happened when my cat decided to adopt me, too! Going on 14 years with the little monster 😈
You are the chosen one
That’s an awesome friend
Omg this is precious!!  I have 3 kitties and love them to pieces!
Cuddly kitties are the best. My ginger will see me lay down in bed, come up and rub his face on my hands and then settle himself down in my arms. My tabby will hear the alarm in the morning and meow for pats.
Holy crap that is cute
I wonder if it had a home before seems like it knows exactly whats going on.
It's how you know that you haven't chosen them, but that they've chosen you. With the good ones? It's never the other way around.
You didn’t choose her, she chose you❤️
Sold!!
😍❤️🥺with one of my fav gospel songs in the background
Pleas follow up with not pics
That is just adorable.
IRL Ash Ketchum

Glad it didnt take getting attacked by a hoard of sparrow to get that bonding level maxed.
My cousins cat was also a parrot in a former life
she hugs u at the end🥺 the cat knows something u dont. maybe u met in a past life. maybe ur vibes are just immaculate. we will never know. only the cats know such wisdom.
Looks like you're done, within 2 seconds of meeting her you would do anything for her. Congrats!! Cute as heck.
Oooooh my god. 
So jealous. 

I had a snuggle cat, but he died :( 
I have another cat that wants nothing from me and yells if I look at her. 
I want another cat but worry my current one won’t go for it (she’s 16). I love her but I cannot wait to find another snuggle bug!!!!
Looks like massive paws on your new friend! Super cute.
My baby Pretzel was 12 weeks old when we adopted her back in 2001. My husband picked her up and she immediately snuggled him, then climbed up his shirt, paused on his shoulder, then hopped up and sat on his head. He said to the shelter employee, "We'll have this one." And she cracked up laughing. Sitting on shoulders and heads became her regular thing for the rest of her life. We had Pretzel until she passed away in February 2018, aged 17. 

Wishing you and your lovely floofy shoulder cat many years of snuggles and love. Cat-scarves are very warm. Sometimes they also have a vibrating massage mode too.
This is absolutely adorable!! I love how she snuggled right up to your neck!

The first night I rescued my cat, his former owner threw him out for some stupid bullshit and the poor guy stuck around, he ate some tuna fish I gave him and as soon as he inhaled his food he came into the den and hopped up in my lap, curled up, and passed out. He's been my best friend ever since.
She loves you
Goddamn seeing posts like this make me wish for not having a severe allergy to cats.
Damn son can I adopt you
Dibs
Yo I almost never upvote r/aww posts but damn...this one got me
She knew you were there to take her away from all that😻
Norwegian Forrest Cat?
She was meant for you. She was just waiting on you!
MEANT TO BE!!
Mine, min , mine....said the kitty.
That little hug at the end. “Dis mine.”

Both my fur kids were affectionate when I met them the first time. Catlings just Know when they meet their people 😻
you have been chosen!
Cats claim their humans.
They know, man. They know.
STOP. That is too much. I’m about to adopt a cat. I hope they’re just as affectionate.
Respect
She looks just like my kitty 😻
Cats choose their owners
You have been chosen
Looks more like she adopted you!
They know, man. They know.
You have been chosen!
My sweet cat Tina did this too when I met her as a kitten at an adoption event. She wouldn't move so we knew she was ours. Followed me around at all times, gave the best cuddles and was the sweetest cat. I miss her still :(

You have made a friend for life, congrats!
You’re very special to her.
my heart hurts when I see kitties that haven't been loved before.
I.hope you and her can have a lovely life
great video keep it up
I have a closet gremlin. Not cuddly, sits away from you on the couch if she comes out. Only responds to treats and tuna juice but I love the little wench.
You Sir, need to look for a hoodie with a front pouch and carry her everywhere!!
She said “thank youuu 🥺”
*PLEASE HUMAN GET ME THE HELL OUT OF HERE*
Looks like the adoption was the other way around.
TRUE LOVE AT FIRST SIGHT MY LAD
You have been chosen.
You're the one
I think she knows!
So cute😻😻
That’s awwdorable
Aww, if you're lucky, your new kitty will be a shoulder cat for life.  Congratulations on the new fur baby!
“Prrrrr...Yes thank you, you’ll do nicely.”
You are The Chosen One.
That’s how I was with my doggo!!!
Awesome! Please post an update soon!
You mean the cat met the human they were adopting
Shoulder cats are the fuckin best.
That's very sweet.  I always adopt adult cats so that they can choose who they like and you can see how they will be with you.
A match made in heaven
Home, steed!  You know the way!
My cat did this! My fiance and I were in a room waiting for the woman to bring in the cat for us to meet and after looking up at us and meowing he *immediately* ran over to us, kneaded up my leg and jumped behind us before climbing up my back. We knew he was ours and we worked out the papers while cuddling and petting him.
My cat Penny who passed away a few years ago chose us too. We were in a pet supplies store and they had an adoption area in the back that was closed. We looked through the window and there she was screaming at the top of her little lungs for us to come to her and let her out. We went back the next day when they opened and they were shocked we wanted her stating she didn't like people and had an attitude problem in more or less words. She ended up being one of the sweetest cats you could ever ask for. I miss her, she was a good girl.
Omg. She’s puts her freaking paw around your neck like please let’s go home I can’t
Me, everytime I see something from this subreddit: "Awwwww...."

Me, checking to see which subreddit it was from: \*nods\*
You have been chosen!!!🥇
Now this is true love.
That is your human come to take you home..
She needed that
Claimed!
You are the chosen one
She's lovely. My cat sat on my head when I brought him to the playroom at the shelter. 18 years later and he's still my best friend. Enjoy your time!
That paw sneaking in a tighter hug. 💜
Squirrel
Our first cat did this to me. We stopped in a pet store that had some rescue group doing an adoptathon. He climbed up on my shoulder and promptly fell asleep. For the next 18years that was his spot. Sad to say my shoulders have been a little chillier now for the past year. Hug your pets tight folks.
Is there a sub for shoulder cats ?
That's how I picked out my cat! He's gotten a lot bigger since then, but still insists on coming up there and getting scritches.
To put it simply: cats are great man
Did you mean "the cat who has adopted you?"
That's luv right there <3
You have been chosen
True love right there. She knows her new life is about to be filled with love and friendship.
When my wife and I first went to the Russian Blue breeder's place to see the kittens(they were 12 weeks old), one of them marched up to me standing there, looked me up and down and then proceeded to climb up my leg claw-over-claw, like some possessed terminator kitten.

He ended up perched on my shoulder triumphantly. I chose him there and then for his raw courage and determination. He is now 15 years old, half-blind, with dementia and osteo-arthritis in his hips and spine, but he still likes to clamber all over us whenever he can.
You lucky fucker!
Dude, that’s magical
My cat did the same thing. From the looks of that fluffy tail, you got a r/norwegianforestcats
And from her right paw emerges a switchblade
Truly, congratulations! I miss by baby girl every day and am so happy you found a companion in her
I'm not a religious person but I still think of cats (or any other pets of your choosing) as guardian angels sent down to protect us. This one must have gotten lost looking for their assigned human and is super glad to have finally found you!
T'was meant to be ❤
lucky for you, you were chosen.  I had one I adopted from a foster home who chose me. My best bud ever.
It’s my cake day and I’m just now finding out what it is. Posting comments for clout
This is heartwarming. Congrats!
you have no choice but to keep her now 😭
*dis one is mines*
She looks like she’s been waiting for you all her life.
Gonna need more gifs
Love love love...!
I got excited thought it was you for 1/2 sec!!
this is a rare kitty, this is a kitty you can take on bike rides
Shoulder cat!
I wanna pet her so bad. Gosh.
noice
Name her Alarm cause she looks like my Alarm
You have been adopted
Be still, my heart! 😍😍😍
I’ve had my cat for nearly a year and she won’t even sot in my lap 😭
She was a feral rescue though so I get it. I still love her.
So cute! Congratulations to you both!
Omg I’m gonna cry. That’s so sweet
Why can't my cat love me like this? What do I do?
aww im dying from wholesomeness ^-^
I’m gonna climb him like a tree

-Cat
Looked like it was gonna slice your neck at the end 😂
All my cat does is scratch me and throw up every meal :/
Fuck! I want a cat
The hug she gives you is so wonderful!!
He found you!
THE CHOSEN TWO
Dogs > Cats
She really said “mine.”
Lol that CAT said “ I’m leaving this place today today”.
It has begun.
Just saying, I am pretty sure animals know what helps the other cute animals get out of the shelter. So they will literally "act cute" to get out too. I also learned that dogs have learned to smile for the same reason.
My cat loves to do this too! You should extend your arm and bend it at the elbow so He/she has more of a platform to perch. Works everytime!
True love
Cat: You're mine, now take me to my new home.
My former friend/roommate and I had a cat we took off the street- He met us outside our apartment after we just got it before someone else called for it.. He wound up passing away a few months later, and my friend kinda just had to get another- It was 'just looking' at the shelter.  We entered the room, and a lot of them were disinterested or afraid. 

But one of them, one of them came right up to us,  put his paws on my shin, and looked up at us. And, that day, one of them found a new home.

Little did we know the antics he would get up to, fucking door frame climbing asshole.
She's gonna be the queen of snuggles.
aww so adorable! 🥰💗💯
brb *crying*
She adopted you!
Awww thats so sweet
Congrats on the new cat!
Cat adopted you, you're the pet and cats are the masters! Enjoy, new cat dad!
You have been claimed
My gf always said that she never picked a rescue cat, they picked her! Congrats on the new family member!
Tale as old as time...
🥰she was meant to be yours!
My cat is a shoulder cat. Great when you’re cuddling, not so much when you’re trying to poop
She claimed you by the Order of Catness!
It's over Anikin! I've the high ground!
oh my god i’m going to cry
My little dude did the same thing. Unfortunately I will likely have to give him up soon as a result of his litter box aversion. I dont know how to correct it. Ive tried as much as I can think of... breaks my fuckin heart.
I adopted a cat last week and that brat only comes to me for food and barely lets me pet her head without trying to scratch all the skin off my arms
Aww cutie
😩😩😩😩😩😩😩😩😩😩😩😩😩😩 ugh 💖
This hooman is now mine!
god bless your heart  

animal is the unspeakable living been the should be treated with mercy and love 

thank you for having her and giving her a home
It is the cat that chooses the wizard,it is not always clear at first.
Tom Holland, is that you?
1 month later:  Get the f*ck off my neck you stupid cat!
Watch the spiky fur..mmay be the breed but can also be a sign of either malnutrition or dehydration.  No doubt you'll be a good dad but I had to learn all kinds of stuff for my lil man. Rip Grau, you are forever in my soul.  (Don't worry 13 great years of learning he isn't a cat he's a friend)
That's the cutest "I choose you!" I've ever seen! She's beautiful and I'm so glad you found each other.
Congratulations!!!🎉🎉🎉 What an adorable cat!!🤗🤗🤗
That cat wanted you as his hooman!
I love this.
Thats how my cat was chosen. He went for the shoulder when he was picked up. 15 years later, I sometimes have to pace my kitchen for 10 minutes with him on my shoulder while I pat him like I'm burping a baby, just to keep him content.
She has chosen you
you gave that cat its christmas present. bless you both :)
Prepare for some WARM naps and nighttimes!
She adopted you ♥️
Furry cat
Hate to break it to you ... You did not choose her. She chose you. You're toast. She already has you wrapped around her toe beans. 

And, she's adorbs!!!
awww. That's love at first sight!
Omg...how can you move now.
She is the most gorgeous precious girl! Please post more!
That TAIL.
Destiny my friend...it was meant to be...sweet
Haha
How to get adopted 101
I tried to pet a wild kitty and it scratched the shit out of me
Awww shes happy!!
She's laying it on thick just to be sure you're taking her home.
"oh good, you're here, let's go home."
That cat needed love !!!!
hooman you is myne
“My human, I have chosen this one”
Looks more like she's claimed you.  Congratulations on your new overlord.
So sweet. I am simultaneously happy for you and extremely jealous.
It's actually the cat who adopted you. People usually forget that. Now you're his property.
Congrats! My cat did the same thing at the shelter, and that’s why we picked him. Of course he now loves my husband more than me.
She adopted you.
