Everyone just acts like it's normal
He wanted belly rubs. Why didn’t he give him belly rubs 😔
Pet the cat
She lies down and the guy is like "good god you're a fucking genius" and follows suit
On the catwalk, yeah on the catwalk. I shake my little tail on the catwalk.
Unbelievable how the hooman tried to take cat's spotlight.
She's a cat in Egypt. Worship is her ancestral birthright.
"Why is that guy stealing my thunder?!" - Kitty, probably
Cats are everywhere in Egypt. People feed them and play with them and the cats walk in and out of shops and restaurants all the time and everyone just acts like it’s normal, I guess because it is normal. 

*this is a memory from when I went ten years ago, I was 10-11*
Do egyptians still love cats like back in ancient egypt?
finally getting some of the recognition i deserve - cat
And the winner of all awards today goes tooooooo......   Kitty!
everybody wants a picture with the cat
I lived in Cairo for my sophomore year in high school.  One of the memories that stands out is watching the Royal Shakespeare Company performing Macbeth, which we watched on a school field trip.  During a particularly intense scene, a mother cat and her kittens proceeded to run up on the stage and frolic for several minutes.  The actors took it in stride and it got a few good laughs.  Cats are everywhere in Cairo.
This guy has more personality than 90% of the Hollywood actors
I hope he took that kitten home! It get so excited with those wavy arms.
Pet the god damn cat.
"No hooman, you do preening all wrong! Do this! Yes, now this! Preen more! Now pet me you dunce."
Cat is like

When will he pet me dimwit.
She's the guest of honor
u/savevideo
cat on cairo film festivel 

CAT GOD !!!
Finally egypt is on front page and the topic isn’t depressing
That guy is such a poser
MASRY AND PROUD CHAIN
That man really said “ok how can I get the attention back on me?”
Can someone confirm that this cat got pets?
kitten says: bitch please... my ancestors were worshipped as gods.
He stole the show. This reminds me of the cat who came on stage during an orchestra performance.
C'mon kitty, do kitty yoga and lick your butt. Let's see Hawt Guy copy cat that... please.
That dude looks so much like Angry Joe. Down to the leather jacket, the hair, raised eyebrow, and the facial hair. Weird.
Pet the cat you monsters
Pet it you fools!
When this clip is reposted over the years hopefully people right away will be like "oh yeah, that must be 2020/2021".  I thought it was an old clip because of the quality until I noticed the masks.
Pet the kitty damnit. It’s obviously really wanting some pets.
 I think you are mistaken, the red carpet was for the special guest the cat
The dude just matching the cat's poses killed me. That was fuckin great!
So I guess I was the only one yelling “Pet the kitty’s belly!”
"Once we were gods."

The human is handling it magnificently!
Here is a bit more about the kitty [https://www.arabnews.com/node/1773291/offbeat](https://www.arabnews.com/node/1773291/offbeat)
How’s he just gonna ignore that belly?
Worship me human, like thy ancestors have done
I love how the guy takes queues from the cat for his poses
Good for him for going along with it and letting the kitty pick the poses hahaha
Awww lil bb just wants to be worshiped again.
Wow just realized this has been a huge positive of the pandemic.  No red carpets.
Don't know the actor/model/person...

... But that there is awesome! 👍❤️
an adorable kitty and an extremely handsome man, what more could you want?
PET THE DAMN KITTY
I’ve never been so stressed out about someone not petting a cat. Hey bro if your not gonna pet the cat get the fuck outta the video your not funny
Cat
Is that Tamer Hosny?
r/catswithjobs
why that guy taking up the spotlight? we want the cat not you
Ha. this guy plays it perfectly.
Cat: this guy just follow me everywhere
r/PetTheDamnCat
Istanbul cats
Quit faking me out calling cats kittens. You know the fucking difference.
He knew exactly what he was doinf
This is the video I didn't realize I needed today
🎶 I do my little turn on the catwalk...
Egyptians really have not gotten over cats yet, huh?
Bast is ready for her closeup Mr. DeMille
As far as that cat is concerned, this fawning attention is simply what it should have been receiving all along.
Damn the cat is doing a better job XD
god i hate celebrities
PET THE KITTEN GOD DAMN IT
In Egypt, cats still know they are gods.
That dude knows he has a guaranteed exposure all over the internet now.
PET THE DAMN CAT
The pose killed me 😂😂😂
Please do not the cat
Please tell me that guy adopted that cat. They're clearly made for one another!
Stroke the damn cat.
the way this screams egypt.
Why the fuck didn't he pet the cat?!?!?
Poor cat has to share a stage with that guy
HI GUYZ WHATCHOO DOIN? Can I get a swag bag mow? I’m wearing me!
Coincidence???


#I Think Not!
The cat is like  "finally some recognition"📸📸📸✨😽✨
I like to imagine that the cat is in a suit and a tuxedo.
cat lookin at the dude like "you makin fun of me?"
What a moron, the kitty wanted pets and all he did was pose.
He didnt pet the cat, what a wanker
The guy has no socks!
That cat was posin bro!
PET THE CAT ALREADY!!!!!
*in the backgroud* URRYYYYYYYYYY
I see cats are still holding it down in Egypt.
That cat would definitely be a purr-fect model
Is it really a film festival if there's no cat on camera...
The cat wins best dressed
Pet the fucking cat you idiot.
Cats used to be worshipped in Egypt. They remember that,
I love this cat's style.
And this is why they are worshipped
Pet him you goof
Of course this is in Egypt
Kitty is totally strutting it’s stuff!
I sure hope one of those hard working folks one the red carpet ADOPTED the little boy. Would be much better than cheesecake poses with him...🐈
[deleted]
That woman’s laugh is contagious!
Jennifur Pawrence
/r/PetTheDamnCat
/r/petthedamncat
4500 years later and Egyptians still treat cats like living gods.
That guy is so chill and got a high sense of humour
The camera loves ya baby!
I love how he gave it up for the kitty!
They're both easy on the eyes
I hope that kitty has a home.
I love how it posed like "tis my belly, rub it hoo..ok nvm"
He knew exactly what he was doing
So this was staged right?
That man technically has no calves...
nice cat
Mittens, so hot right now
No
smart guy.

use the animal, don't let them use you.

(i "own" three cats so i know that's a bunch of crap)
He just went with it
Who is the model in the vid?
just killing the game😍
That kitty wants to become famous 😺
I like how the woman just took cat pics and literally gave 0 fks about the guy "hello darkness my old friend"
The cat's like 'just stroke me you self centered prick!'
Something about a human adult begging for attention is way less appealing than a cat begging for attention
Ηοw adorable
Stop posing and pet the cat!!!!
Does modern Egyptian culture have a similiar deference towards cats the ancient Egyptian society did?
PET HIS BELLY OMG
PET HER!!!!
These are the videos that bring my mood up when I have shitty days at work
dude, pet the cat!
Who's the man posing? He's super handsome :)
[So hot right now](https://imgflip.com/i/4ptdw8)
He came to warn us of the gay British vampire coming our way
Kitty striking a pose
Please tell me he adopted the cat. It’s destiny
Who is the guy?
The lil guy is photogenic AF LOL
Fucking pet the kitty!
That’s the star of the film
[deleted]
Scritch him 🥺
/r/PetTheDamnCat
Did any one else think that was Kal Penn
r/petthedamncat
give this cat a MODELING JOB. now!!!!
PET THAT CAT
Ooh sure, it's fine when a cat does it. But when I do it I don't get attention.
Actor of the year!
Smart guy knew to be featured with the highlight of the night! Lol
r/petthedamncat !
Who wore it better?
I don't know who the gentleman is, but I love that he just rolls with it
Pet that cat!!
Filmed vertically:/
Love it.
“In ancient times cats were worshipped as gods; they have not forgotten this.”
I thought this was pet talent show and the cat won.
The cat is almost as large as him.
I fucking love cats
This was so competitive
Imitation is the highest form off cattery!
H9W CAN YPU NOT LOVE KITTEHS!! 1😁😁
“Who says **YOU** are the only one who gets to be a model, HUH?!”
I need the pics
Looks like Angry Joe...
The best thing I've seen all year
Haga teksef
I don’t know celebrities at all, but just the way this dude adapted and posed with the cat shows some great charisma and I hope he got many awards and all the movie roles in future, the cat too.
That best picture was the bomb
Improvise, adapt, overcome
This is exactly what fashion photographers want
Why does a kitten get to do this and it's not a problem but when i do it,  I get arrested. The cat was naked too.....
That man has some serious self control. I would just be petting the cat. Totally distracted.
I recognize the cat, but who’s the dude?
All praise the kitties!!!
pet the dam cat.
Let the cat do it's thing, we don't need you on there with it. It doesn't need you moron.
Is that angry joe
I would pet, kiss and brought the cat home probably haha
Red carpet must be heaven for a cat, all that attention
Ok, but who is it wearing?
RIP to all the sneaker heads
This cat has done this before
That cats thinking people once worshiped me as a god my place is here amongst celebrities
Perfect
For Chrissakes pet the cat, you monster.
On the catwalk I do my little turns on the catwalk
Cat: Get out of my photos human
I WANT TO AWARD THIS KITTEN BUT I’M POOR!!!
Is this dude posing ironically or unironically? Because i can see myself doing that ironically at some wedding
This dude models. Quick readjustments at different angles for poses, all improvised to the cat's poses and positions. Pretty cool.
Does their culture still think highly of cats. Not like some divine animal. Did the culture still keep a little kitten love.
Cat didnt even know what was going on
Oh that’s just Bast.
This guy is not aware that they are photographing the cat, not him :D
When did Borat get the cat?
r/petthedamncat
everybody wants to be a cat!
Of course it would be a calico
You thought I was just a normal cat... but it was I DIO!
Now this, this is beautiful and graceful. And I love her hair and dress that she wore.
So cute
I mean, where *else* would he sit.
DID HE KEEP THE CAT I NEED TO KNOW
Cute🥰
Ok, so, when we're are going to see the Movie named: Stray to Star?
r/petthedamncat
Can you really say he stormed it? I feel like he was just passing through
r/petthedamncat
Love how he just went with it
Just proving that Egyptians and their worshipping of cats never goes out of style.
I love that the cat was posing too and started to change positions as the man did.   Precious.
That cat deserves more fame than the kadashians
this project requires IMMEDIATE funding
Correction: humans are crashing a kitten's film festival.
Time To Adopt It
He didn't pet it once!?!?  What is wrong with this dude?
I didn't know Angry Joe was that popular.
Someone give this cat a home!
Which one is the kitten?
Sweet
What an asshole. Dident even pet the cat
Guy care more about the attention than the cat. He wasn't even careful about nearly stepping on its tail.
Gotta give that actor credit for not allowing himself to be upstaged (too badly).
Dawg, that's the fake looking guy from the fuck my.shit.up meme.
u/savevideo
Narcissist in the wild
Pet the damn cat!!!!!!
Hairy love makes EVERYthing better!!!
Kitten is 1000+ times more attractive.
PET THE CAT, GODDAMMIT.
It’s fascinating that we have turned attention whoring into a career option.
Pet the damn cat man!
Kitty’s like I’m the star you’re just an understudy to me
Cats were gods in ancient Egypt, so...
How is he not petting the cat.
Omg please let the cat already!!
PET THE CAT YOU MONSTER
Dude's PR agent is creaming in their pants right now.
/u/vredditshare
The Oscar goes to Stray Kitten❤️❤️❤️🤣😂🤣😂😂
That’s a full grown cat
how did the stills turn out?
r/petthedamncat
Damn that cat is a natural
My cat Cairo just passed and she was a Calico like this one. I miss her 💔
Ew David
I don’t need to tell you what you already know your the one with style the hole darn show
It’s not a big it’s a feature
I love that dude just goes with it.
Paint me like one of your Egyptian cats!
Beautiful and adorable ❤️
"In ancient times cats were worshipped as gods; they have not forgotten this."
If i was him I would have tooken the cat and adopted it
He's looking at the cat in "the thinker" pose like he's trying to figure it out lol
He knows he's their god.
r/petthedamncat
Stroke the cat you twat!!
Worship the cat!
props to the model for going with the flow! it literally is improv modeling
I know nothing about the guy but I already love him
Well the Egyptians treated them as gods for so long sooo
Look at that little movie star 🐱
Hug that cat already!
Please! Stop posing for photos and pet this cat!
That guy saw an opportunity and he took it with aplomb
Dude, stop stealing my thunder. Theyre here for me not for your dumb ass.

- The cat probably.
hahaahah he is totally hamming it up with that baby!
It's Egypt.  that cat's distant ancestors were worshiped as gods.   No wonder it's all like "Gimme that platform to stand on".

"What is this dumb human doing, this is my kingdom..."
r/PetTheDamnCat
This is everything I needed today
Imagine caring about someone on a red carpet.
Will no one else point out it’s an Egyptian cat? He was practically born to be there lol
Gato demais
Thats cute
Don't put so much plastic next to the cat!!!
This'll ensure it gets on Reddit said the organizers in the pre-production meeting.
r/PetTheDamnKitty
You're a star baby
Look how hard the model has to try just to not even up stage a cat
Feel bad for the guy.  He probably thinks people are taking pictures of him😂
She's posing!
Only in my home country, Egypt
Lol
In the kitty's head : https://youtu.be/FSXijk37oNs
what a chill kitty
r/SupermodelCats
That guy looks like Dan Levy. Facial expressions too.
I don’t know the context here so I like to assume the cat just walked up and he said “yeah i can work with this”
Kitty hears ya, kitty don't care..
Whos this dude? I like him already
At least pet the damn cat if you're going to post it all over your social media.
The cat just wants its belly scratched
She knows she is everything
I’d skip the screening to hang out with the kitty
Guaranteed that cat got adopted and now he probably has a diamond studded collar and is living life to the fullest
Me when I see a cat
Angry joe!
That's a nice kitty right there.
😹
cute!
I love how color coordinated this guy and his outfit are with the cat. It's pleasing on a very visceral level.
Hats off to dude for just running with it like a pro.
Egypt still loves cats.
Is that Rahul?
In my next life, I'm going to be a cat. They are all fully employed, even during the pandemic.
It would be a calico cat
This is definitely a dumb question, but I know in ancient Egypt cats were revered. Are cats still considered special today?
Model cat
That’s so cute! When the cat payed down its almost as if s/he was posing! 😂
Who's the asshole behind him? Why didn't the cat push him off the little stage thing?
Would have loved it if the cat decided to lick it’s own butt
This is an enlightened gentleman, seeking to understand the ways of the great felines and integrate amongst them.
I don't know who the guy is (I'm assuming an Egyptian film star?) but I officially love him. I hope he took the kitten home.
This deserves to be the most liked post on reddit.
Kitty cat be *rocking it* too like there be poses *struck* in this vid by human and feline and I'm here for it
You know in books, anime and movies there's a scene like this were there's a monster disguised as a human right and a random character tries to expose said monster by scaring it or making it expose it true self e.i eating the cat. Just putting this out there cuz I have an overactive imagination
It's Cairo, the festival is for him.
r/petthedamncat
A professional meowdel
Work it kitty! WORK IT!
I love that’s he’s totally playing into her “poses” lol
Please tell me someone took that beauty home.
The cat has a stand... And it's in Cairo... Dio must've recruited it but the Joestar gang never encountered it

Part 9: Kitty Trouble
/r/petthedamndog
How can ANYONE not love a cat? Come on!🌻
Pet
The real winner is that puuurfect kit cat.
And Mr Gaylord used the occasion.
Still sacred there.
I swear it looked like that cat was posing too!
Guy is cute too, but kitty steals the show.
Adorable
PET THE GODDAMN CAT MAN
Making a scene
The cat wants some rubbing
As she should!
r/SupermodelCats
[removed]
Took me a minute to realize he was imitating the cat.
Nice blocking me
Baby Bast!
u/savevideo
Good cat
Does anyone know who the guy is? I kind of want to marry him.
That kitten is like ‘do you mind not cramping my style’
Oh Egyptians are the best!
cat is the real deal
Just pet the cat. Wow.
cat on cairo film festivel
Egypt has a huge feral cat population. Unfortunately they don't have a lot of good folks trying to care for them. And like in every country on this old globe, there are inconsiderate poop-for-brains that just abandon their animals for whatever inconsiderate poop-for-brains reason they can manage to come up with. 
Kind of makes you lose faith in humans...providing you had some to start with.
Poggers
r/PettheCatYouMonster
That poor kitty is begging for pets but dude just wanna pose.
STROKE THE DAMN CAT!
oh. my. god.

&#x200B;

just pet the damn cat already
Cats are intelligent animals with strong emotions. You can find her home even if you are several kilometers away. It is known among people as being ungrateful, while dogs are known to be loyal, but those who know accept cats and prefer them, because they do not beg to anyone, and they realize that the provision is from God only, while they do not accept dogs because they exaggerate adulation to their owner, whatever. In Islam, the urine of a kitten does not defile clothes, while a dog's saliva, in addition to his urine, is considered unclean. In the Shafi’i school, the plate that the dog’s saliva touched must be washed seven times, once with soil. It is also forbidden to keep dogs at home except for the purposes of hunting and guarding.
Who is that stupid guy?
The kitten is cute. The guy is annoying
Pet the cat you fucking psycho
[deleted]
That dude looks douchey af
He hired that cat to make him (more) famous
Who cares. Its just a cat. Shoo it away. People acting like its so funny. Its just a cat.
Turn the kitten into a carpet
I can’t stand these people. Can someone remove them from this video?

Edit: Punctuation
The Cairo film festival?

What’s showing? “9/11 Things I Hate About You?”
What a load of utter BS! 🤨
looks like he’s really feline himself
I hate people
Why are there no black people?

edit: apparently i triggered a couple of fragilewhiteredditors, lmao
Probably staged It’s probably his pet cat no random cat comes up to a complete stranger and rolls over. Any time I see a random cat they stare at you and if you approach they walk away.
