That's a very hairy newborn you've got there.
Our cats loved ours too. They were devastated when I loaned it out to a family member recently.
It looks like something from the future...I kinda wanna sit in it myself lol
"I'm the baby now."   -Cat,  probably.
That's an expensive cat bed you have there lol
This is for the cat.

The newborn is for the cat.

You are for the cat.

The house is for the cat.

Know your place, peasant.
To quote Baymax, "Hairy baby".
Did.. did the cat eat the baby?
That cat is living it's best life. Haha
As the mother of the newborn the chair was intended for, I can agree that both our cat and our newborn are super hairy
Hey Human, fetch me some grapes
Um, that looks perfectly sized for the cat, so I’m pretty sure it’s made for cats.
Better make sure kitty doesn't yeet the baby out when they get a turn.
Serious: can you send me the link for that?
That isn’t your . . . newborn?
“This throne is low, but soothing. It does not entirely displease me. Unlike most things you do. You may go now. I will have tuna after my nap. I shouldn’t have to remind you to bring it. You’re getting a pass today because you brought the tiny throne. But tomorrow I will scratch the shit out of you if this poor service continues.”
Purrrrfessor X
I’d fall asleep in this if I could sleep
Expensive cat bed
Just product testing its up to scratch, you know factories these days, research and development isnt what it was!
If you'd bought it *for* your cat, he would've ignored it completely--and most likely would've chosen the cardboard box it came in instead.
this had me laughing for a minute straight

but in all seriousnes i don't think the cat will like the baby in there any second of the day
"Is for me?" -cat
Honestly of they made an extra large version for adults id absolutely buy one.
This is a much better use for it, honestly
"Fetch me my slippers and the golden kibble."
Meanwhile the baby is sleeping peacefully in the cat tree
Did the cat eat the baby!?
Can relate!!!! When I set up the nursery for my first born.... Friar my cat claimed everything as his own. Tested out the crib, rocking chair... everything. Was very cat approved by the time my daughter came home.
“This throne pleases me, human.”
not to alarm you or anything but i think your baby looks a lot like a cat
This video took off way beyond my expectations. So I would like to clear some things up.

1 This is Jeebus, she is a female short haired tabby. She is our personal deity and we worship her. As well as our 2 other cats. (I shouldn't have to say this but obviously our baby is the most important thing in our lives) 

2 What she is sitting in is called a MamaRoo. It is for babies but small pets have a tendency of usurping them.

3 To the fucknut keyboard warriors worried about my cats weight - grow the fuck up. My cats get yearly check ups and dental cleanings which is more than most humans get. She also only eats 1 can of high quality food plus a 1/4 cup of low cal dry food. She has been spayed which can cause female cats to have a paunch which is on full display in this video. She is just a naturally large cat. So mind your own business.

4 For those concerned about toxoplasmosis... Just stop. We have 3 indoor cats. So if there is any toxo in the house it's already everywhere. But I highly doubt there is a risk as they are INDOOR cats.
dude, i want wanna this for me 😂 take up my whole living room for a $10,000 man-sized baby rocker
he’s your newborn meow
Oh I hope your baby likes it. Ours used it for only about a month and then hated the darn thing. We’re currently trying to sell it. The swing not the cat.
u/savevideo
Does that come in a larger size? Asking for a friend.
I don’t see any problems here.
This is literally the dream of every person on this planet, that cat is living in the paradise.
If I fits, I sits...
‘Dis is mine now hooman’
They should make an adult sized one.
Cat: “silly hoomans, I’m baby now”
Your cat is sitting there like a Boss. XD
You're cat really needs to go on a diet. That's not good for it.
I'd probably do that too
Looks like a pretty expensive cat rocker.
Welp, time to get another one.
Just go ahead and get another one. The side-by-side pictures will be worth the money.
I’m a fat newborn with a tail
Cat: it's ok, i'am pregnant
Owner: no you are just fat
Now it's for your chonkborn.
Keep the cat. Ditch the baby. You'll be happier in the long run.
mom said it's my turn on the cradle
Solution: Buy a second one, set them up next to each other and watch your cat bond with your baby over being spoiled and pampered.
Product testing for quality. Extremely important.
I wish I was a housecat tbh
I can't blame him...the video alone almost put me into a trance. Now if only someone would rock me to sleep! ;)
Stop overfeeding your pets
That is a furry newborn. Cheers!
To paraphrase the movie Contact, why buy one when you can buy two for twice as much. Plus it reminds me of the captain in the movie WALL-E.
Officially tested and approved.
This belongs to cat meow. Buy another for the newborn if you want but they won’t enjoy it nearly as much.
I thought those were recalled? Babies can get stuck in a certain position due to the motion and suffocate.
I wouldn't mind an adult sized one.
quality control
Well, you did buy it for a baby
Well the newborn can only use it for a year, but the cat can use it for many many many years.  

So you should think of it as you bought it for the cat, and the baby is just borrowing it.
Is there an adult sized? Cause I want one for myself!
Cat living the best life
The odds are good that the cat likes it more than the baby will 🙃
If I had an adult sized chair like that, I’d probably never leave it.
Now it's for your first-born.
I can get behind this kind of animal testing...
Chonkers ate the baby and stole its chair
I want that in adult size!!!
This pleases me.
Does anyone know if they make these for full sized humans?
Your newborn is beautiful
Well, that is one thing you won't get rid of when the kid grows up. People will ask if you are keeping it for more children and you can tell them "oh no, it's a cat bed"
Your baby is indeed enjoying lol
No what you wanna do is get another baby rocker so that the cat can be happy all it’s life. Animals have certain needs at times...ya know. My cat requires someone to let him nibble on their fingers and he usually does it while we are asleep. We don’t know why, but hey, he’s happy and not scratching anything at all.
Truly a benevolent God, I must know your location so I can pay homage to this creature.
Happiest cat
This is the most chilled out cat I've ever seen.
Instead it’s for your first born
Now I want one of these for my cat lol
I want an adult-sized one now
Definitely got a "It's good to be the King/Queen" vibe going there.
Jabba the cat
Well you need to get a new one for newborn. Congratulations tho for the newborn.
That IS your newborn
They need to make adult versions of these
r/StolenBabyBeds 

Like r/StolenDogBeds but for babies.
u/savethisvideo
We meet again, Mr. Bond....how is your saucer of milk, hopefully to your liking. Now back to my master plan...
Do they make these for adults? Asking for a friend.
Omg how much is this? Gonna get one for my cat ASAP 😂
It will be, they'll just have to share with the cat.  Think of it as kitty keeping baby warm?
I used to work in a store that sold stuff for babies (strollers, cribs, teething toys the mollyheads would end up buying, etc) and we sold these. Parents with pets always mentioned that their cats and small dogs usurped it from their kids.
I thought Animal-testing was mostly banned.   
Silly me.
Having 4 rescue cats ourselves, we quickly learned that we are indeed just cat butlers graced with the honor to be allowed to coexist in our home with them...

When we had our daughter, we were quite skeptical how things might go with them.

We quickly found out, everything that the baby got, was a gamble in whether she liked it and/ or if the cats do.
This vehicle has been commandeered. The law of "if I fits I sits".
If that Mamaroo stops moving after a few months open it up and take a look at the wiring.  The constant oscillation causes some wires to stress fracture.  I just soldered in replacements and it was good as new. Hopefully they improved the design since we had ours.
My hoomans got me something nice
I want this as an adult what the . Way better than those automated massage chairs that punch you in the back.
You are right, it WAS for your newborn. It IS the cat's now
Why don’t they make these for adults? I’d love that!
Why would you buy a cat throne for your newborn?
"OK I was doubtful it would work, but it really is calming. The unfortunate thing is that now you need to get another one for the baby because this one is mine"   
-The Cat
"I'm the baby now."   -Cat,  probably.
You bought it for your baby. Your baby is in it. I don’t understand your confusion??
*Umm*...*I'm* *your* *newborn* *you* *fools*.  *Always* *was*, *always* *will* *be*.
Someone better look underneath that cat’s fat butt, there may be a baby under there.
r/chonkers would absolutely lose their shit over this
“I HAVE THE HIGH GROUND, CHILD! NOW I WILL LIVE HERE”
I'm sorry, but if they made these in adult size I'd be all over that too!
Precious baby ☺️
Cats appreciate the finer things.
He thicc
[removed]
I think cats owning the babies things is like, a right of passage, lol
My lair is coming along nicely.
Meow-maru
well, he's a handsome bibi boiii
Not anymore
Looks like you're going to have to get another one for the baby. Lol
Can they make that in adult + cat size?
You're gonna need to buy two.
Guess you need two
I see NOTHING wrong here
Do they make one of these for adults? Because damn that looks relaxing.
I mean that just means you need two one for human baby, one for fur baby!
You’re gonna need another one for the 👶🏻
Doesn't even look like a newborn kitty.
[that be mine ](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=Q54lVO7elt0)
I want to pet the belly...
Testing it for you. Just say thanks!
Can't see a problem, I see a baby in a baby rocker?
it was meant for baby, and it is being occupied by baby
I want one of this cat's lives.
This is because you throw the box from that stuff, now you will suffer !!!!
Cat tested & Cat approved!
It's going to be hard getting him out of that thing cuz he so cute
#Someone make this for adults! I need one.
fits, sits. a tale as old as time
What a beautiful child you have!
Looks like you have to get another one because that is hers now
Geez they waste the greatest stuff on babies. Imagine these for adults. I almost fell asleep watching this. It looks so freaking comfy and soothing.
Our dog uses our bouncer or baby holding device.
Lol 😂
I hope you were blinking back.
This is aspirational tbh
Oh my god, that contented little ear flick.
I LOVE THIS, ITS LOVELY
honestly I want this but for a full grown adult.
He misheard it as mewborn
Congrats on having a new fur baby?
If cat no want be held why baby sized
Congratulations on the sex!
Do they make ones that will hold a big human? I think that would be so relaxing after a long day. Soothing music, couple of cocktails and lay there swaying back and forth.
If it was my size, I'd be in it.
I may consider ordering a second one for the ‘other’ baby
Cute! Has newborn arrived? Either way, congratulations on the most amazing yet frustrating thing you will ever encounter. I never thought I could love anything more than my pets. Then, I birthed a human and she is the best thing I ever did. I still love my pet babies but there is just a special bond for someone you grow and birth out of a tiny hole.
bro me on a sunday night
Cat: I am baby
This is the way...
Your offering pleases me, I shall now accept the smaller human into the pride, next time I may not be so generous.
🥰
No baby only cat
Why don’t they make these for grown-ups?
You, OP, are getting so many cat kisses in this video!
I’ve known a lot of babies who’ve had the mama roo including mine and only one liked it. So at least your cat is thoroughly enjoying it and you’re getting your money’s worth.
Baby: I am inevitable
Cat: And I am the Cat
You mean firstborn?
Excuse me, isn't this the newborn?
I need an adult sized one
Just testing this item out , to make sure it is safe , suitable and satisfying for the baby...lol
I don’t know if I’ve ever been that content in my entire life.
At least someone is using it. My niece spent most of her first six months of life in a swing. My nephew got so motion sick that he barely spent a minute in it. 

The cat could use that for years.
My cat when I was a kid used to sleep on the kitchen counter on top of the bread when he could.
My kid turned a week old yesterday and absolutely loves his MamaRoo.  Pretty sure I'd love it too if it could support adults.
"yeah?... what?"
I might buy that for my cat, she loves being held and rocked in my arms
Your cat is simply warming it up for when your newborn gets here.
Fetch me my goblet.
This cat is both r/animalsbeingderps and r/chonky
But they are also a baby
That cat thinks he’s in zero gravity heaven.
Do they make those in grown people size?
Babies can be weirdly picky- if your LO doesn’t take to the Mamaroo motions, at least it’s getting used, even as a very pricey at lounger. On the flip side, we totally bought one of those banana cat beds for our newborn daughter (for costume reasons, but tempted to just put her in there to sleep since she liked it ) 🤫
Then why is it cat sized?
I am the baby meow.
Absolute decadence
I expect nothing less from cats
Grogu be looking different
It belongs to the cat now
These clearly a baby in it
That is your new born. #CURBHUMANPOPGROWTH
Guess you'll have to buy a second one
Where I fits I sits
Your newborn is quite a bit more...hirsute, than expected.
Kat journal:

*my humans finally understand that I am their overlord,  they bought me a throne*
It's the cats now.
Well atleast you know it works
Welp... Looks like you're getting a second one.
Is that a floating fucking chair?
Cat: “Look at me, I am your new born now”
Keep in mind that if your purposely buy this for your cat, the cat won’t use it and will only play in the box the device came in.
Catlogic
The cat right now: I am the new born!
If not for cat........why is it cat size?
Cat claimed it now it belonga to cat please sit and chill with cat
Lvl 100 Mafia boss
No need for the newborn, send it back.  
You've got all you need right there.
Toxoplasmosis intensifies
Weird, how did my cat get into your house?
Love me like you love the bald kitten
[deleted]
I told my wife I want a bigger one for me
I mean who wouldn’t love this?
What chair is that? I saw it before but couldn't find it on Amazon 😑
Hmmm, I don't see the problem here OP.
cat vibin doe
r/savevideo
😭😭😭
look at me

im the newborn now
You’re telling me that’s not the newborn??
Supposed to be, but it’s not
r/thecattrapisworking
That cat be like: fuck toddlers man!
Sharing is caring
So much love in his/her eyes
what newborn? it’s the cats now
...until we remembered the more important baby in our life and bequeathed it so" 

I'm now debating is the family questions of potential grandkids worth it to get this for my 2 cats. Is the implication of twins worth it to just get two straight away?
I think you have to get another one...
Baby yoda
It is the cat now.
Imagine this as the new lazy boy chair for adults...
Congratulations
This gift pleases his meowjesty
Yeah..That cat never getting out.
All I see is an emperor from a sci-fi movie.
He knows his worth and I’m here for it
Do you know what breed your kitty is? Mine looks pretty much identical but I adopted her so they just listed her as a tabby.
Looks like your newborn baby is purrfect fit
Well, your eldest wanted it first
That is precious
I tested that same swing out with my cat when we got it.
Its the cats now
“Hmm yes this will do nicely”
That freaking face though. 🥰
So, are you a Khajiit?
That’s one hairy baby.
[Hairy baby! (from big hero 6)](https://youtu.be/TGwKk0UXkQQ?t=145)
Show us your baby and we'll decide which one gets to use the rocker.
Ya got a weird child there sir/ma'am ..
Chonky boi approved
"I'M the baby NOW!"
It's the cat's chair now
Clearly the cat thinks you are mistaken 😆
nah man that’s for the cat
Is that cat levitating on the magnets - or on the wind? ;)
The way he is laying and looking says it all " Thank you for buying the comfy and moving bed for me, it is so soft and the way it moves makes me want to go to sleep and dream happy thought, Thank You.❤❤❤❤❤❤💝💝💝💝
The cat ate your baby.
Lol ..Well kitty is ya'lls baby too. Right? He is  just breakingng it in for the newborn & congrats on the soon to be new addition to the family.
❤cats & babies.
Quality Assurance Pawfficer is hard at work!
hahah i love cats
If I fits I sits you know the rules...🤣
Ahh. Ain't she sweet 😂
He looks like some evil space overlord
Damn why yo baby so hairy.
it is a FURBABY
He/She commands respect
Oh I’m smiling so hard. Her paw curling is adorable
Lol! That would be my son cat Malichi😆😆😆
Does anyone make this stuff for adult humans.....like imagine cuddling your SO in this
Is that not your baby???
I can't believe nobody has said this: jfc dude feed your cat less
“This is mine now”
feed the cat the child
Do they make adult sized ones? Maybe with a heated seat?
Thats pretty cool that the cat likes it, since your kid will grow out of it relatively quickly. You can then just keep it for the cat. Please keep it after for the cat.

No baby other than your own baby needs that more than your cat, okay? Dont even bother to hand me down or put this in consignment. It is permanently the cat's forever.
Did the fat cat eat the newborn?
It's so nice you got a cat for your newborn!
You are killing this poor cat with over feeding. You are causing it a lifetime of physical pain with your negligence.
I haven’t had any babies in a really long time and when I did, they didn’t have these cool things. I want to get one just for the cats!
Kitty living its best life. I'm honestly jealous.
That's a big baby
I have a siamese, what is babies is his.  Period.  He slept in the crib for months until we transitioned baby into it.  He steals the changing table, her pacifiers. Her toys.  Like I said, what is baby's is cats! They do like to share!  My little one is 11 months now, and my siamese will steals her stuff, but he is terrified of her. So he brings her cat wands to play but he stays away from her touching him.   

She gets so excited she squeals and it terrifies him, and she doesn't know how to pet gently yet, so she usually gets a good chunk of hair, he has clawed her twice now.  She still goes back for more.
We all know you got that for your cat for we also have gotten that for our cats
Not anymore, that's for the cat now
That looks an awful lot like a waste of money
Look at me


I’m the newborn now
Looks like you'll need a second one
All is for the cat
I'm so sorry for your loss
Ahh well, my kids never liked that fancy gimmicky stuff. They just prefer us to hold them. Make sure you vacuum it well before the child gets on there
Well now it’s for the real baby.
Has to be tested to make sure it is safe!!
The cat has tested for your new baby .  Invaluable .  Cat has determined it to be safe and efffective
They just chillin
To spend as little time with your baby as possible?
Never underestimate the power cats have
Aww kitty baby
I thought this was some sort of r/Mandolorian cosplay. The boys over there would like your floaty thing for their Grogu
You have a hairy baby
Maaaan I wish I had one of those for myself!
Yeah well it’s not so get another one human.
The cat is just testing it out for the baby to make sure that it is safe. How cute!
Am I the only person who thinks we need these for adults?
Can’t they make these for humans? The best we get is a bed that goes up & down. 😔
What is that contraption?
Get your feline ass out of there. Now.
I long to be as relaxed and carefree as this cat.
Oh man don't forget to put the attachment up for the contrast colored balls!
That's a pricey cat bed!
"Please sit and entertain me."
Oh well, time to get a second one😅
Look, the kid's gotta learn everything belongs to Cat anyway, may as well rip that bandaid off right now.
cat pod 

pod with the cat
What baby?
"Yeah,  what about it?" -Cat, probably
Comfy cat
Just get another one
PSA: those things are a lifesaver.  Worth every penny.
big baby
The baby will understand
Do they make those in adult human man sizes
Bring me Solo and the Wookie.
*"People of Earth, your attention, please. This is Prostetnic Vogon Jeltz of the Galactic Hyperspace Planning Council..."*
wow! nice to see
*Fuck that baby in particular*- says the cat.
I need one now for my cats.
I would legit buy an adult one of these.
Beta testing - product is suitable for infant
Looks like you need to get another one. 🤣🤣🤣
Awww its so cute!!!!!
haha
Not anymore
Then why did you put the cat in it?
I fits...I sits...the cat !!!
They should make beds that do this
(a) I could watch this for hours; and (b) I want a human-sized model.
Now you know your priorities.
You're gonna need to buy another, because that belongs to the cat now
lol
/u/vredditshare
I wish I was a cat.
cats are like babies too
Well, at least the cat's happy.
No, it is for cat.
I’m looking for one adult size. Might help me sleep.
Damn, anyone else read this at first as if something happened to the baby?  
I was like "what is this ominous caption doing in r/aww?"
I would also like to be rocked to sleep in this chair, honestly.
That is one expensive cat tower!
If I had a grown-up chair like that, I'd sleep like a baby.
I’d lay in one of those too if they made them for adults.
Our cat loves all of the baby stuff. The best is that he loves to get under the tummy time mat we have...
I don't see what's wrong with it? Aren't thrones for kings/queens? Know your place you puny hooman.
Enjoy that thing making weird ass clunking noises that wake your baby!
Kitty says "Your newborn doesn't need this"
/r/thisismylifemeow
fck now i have to buy one for my big chungus
I wish i could be as comfortable as this cat
They really have a way of finding the most comfortable spot in the house to veg out on lol
Buy another for the baby
If I fits, I sits!!
cute lil chub
She is certainly acting like the older sister who is not exactly keen about her baby sibling coming home.
That thing looks like the chairs from Men in Black
RIP
Instead it’s for your firstborn?
I'm actually surprised that our cats have not discovered ours yet 😂
the classic if i fits i sits
Quality control?
My cats are the same way. Before the baby came, the cats liked to jump in the bassinet. We got a Boppy newborn lounger at the baby shower, and the cats love sleeping in it. They sleep in the car seat. On the play mat. One of them goes bonkers for the toys suspended over the play mat. Nothing is just for baby.
That’s a comfortable, secure cat!
/u/vredditshare
Hilarious and cute ❤️
Lol seems exactly like a place a cat would be
It fits therefore it will sits
Your newborn looking a bit too hairy
It better still damn well be
"Look at me. I am the baby now."
Someone needs to make these for adults
Why don't they make these for adults?
Sign me up for the adult sized version.
The child...
A throne fit for a queen
Do they have one for adult size? Asking for a friend
I had one of those for my kids. They hated it and preferred the $40 cheap swing. I referred to it as my $200 piece of shit. Luckily a coworker wanted one and I was able to give it to him. His kid loved it so that was nice.
I’m in this picture and I’m not sure I like it
the cat's like "I'm the newborn now!!"
Cat.
/u/vredditshare
Wow make sure you do up the straps before baby falls and explodes
$1 per ride at the supermarket.
Well it works,it’s putting kitty to sleep
Where can l find this for my future baby ?
That cat loves and trusts its owners so much. What a happy kitty!
Never deny the baby his right. never.
What is this called and is it floating👀
My newborn hated the mamaroo, wish I at least had a cat to enjoy it
That's adorable. 😍😍
your cat is the spitting image of my cats (same fattiness too!)
“Leave me be hooman for I have claimed this floating island for myself. Take your tiny hairless gremlin away from my seat!”
My cat loves it if I bob up and down and rock him while he’s in my arms lmao I need to get this just for him and if I have a kid someday that works too
WALL-E was waaaaay ahead of it's time
What happened to said newborn
*was lol
That cat could very well be stoned....🤔
Look at da baby!!!
Ha!
Look at daa baby!!!
What is that machine called?
You have a very hairy and odd shaped baby
That chair looks way more high tech than necessary
Wait....is this thing levitating ?
I love it when cats are sleepy but try to keep their eyes open because you are watching them for some reason unknown to them lol
With the fan noise for extra comfort - love it
so cute
i really want to buy one now for my cat!
I dpn´t see any problem- it´s perfect
Well now it's a loud $200 cat bed
The cat used it best!
New baby, fur baby, same thing 😝
wholesome 100
LOL omg! We have this at home just without the cat! Oh, I wish they had them in adult sizes as well!
u/savevideo
Yo I don’t blame em that looks comfy as fuck, either that or I’m just tired
Looks like a new born to me
OH LAWD HE SLEPPIN
I call next!!
Why don’t they make one for adults? I want to be gently rocked to sleep.
u/savevideo
RIP. My condolences
Does it make birthing droid noises?
What? They can share.
you're legally obligated to get another one now
The cat IS the newborn now
Oh you’re never getting that back. I speak from experience
My cats sleep on rolling carts and blanket. I call it their cribs.
Had to check that I wasn't on r/grieving so I knew which emotions to feel
Si cute
u/vredditshare

Edit: bot never showed up so I made my own: https://imgur.com/a/kYQUYTJ

Edit2: bot finally showed up a day late, but is banned and DMed me. https://gfycat.com/LightWateryHedgehog
I would buy that in a heartbeat if I thought my cats wouldn't be freaked out by it.  They're super skittish.
This should be on r/bettereveryloop
There is a newborn sleeping on the floor somewhere
BDE
I'm failing to see the problem here...
Aww look at that precious little baby
What a little cutie...our oldest fur baby (18 months) has found our daughters old car seat I was about to donate...she has now claimed it as her new bed!
He die?
Looks like you’re buying two.
All baby things are actually just for the cat. So far this theory has continued into my daughter being a 2 year old. lol the only difference is now she willingly shares everything with him.
This sounds like one of those "6 word stories" that were popular on reddit maybe 6-8 years ago.
Well, at least the cat likes it. My son hated it. Damn near $300 for a swing and he had the nerve to hate it.
The absolute picture of bliss! 😻
He's still a baby I don't see the issue here
Further proof that cats are just judgmental babies
Wait till you realize how short of a time period you’ll actually need to use it. Money not well spent in some cases.
I don’t see the problem?
I am not mad at the cat. Does it have ocean sounds too? I would squeeze in next to cat
That is your newborn
I don’t see a problem here
Did the cat eat the newborn?
I just wanna rub her belly
That cat is not a new born it now gives a birth to her baby
Does the rocker come in adult size?
For a scary moment there I thought the baby fucking DIED and the cat took it instead.
This made my day!
who switched it on?
That is exactly how I would have expected that to go
I'm drunk, and I sincerely thought this was a weird ps5 meme before I checked the sub.
Technically he's the first...
Key word "supposed" to
Good elections
I want one for my cat now
It's this cat's world and we're just livin' in it.
Hahahaha awww silly kitty is just lounging there! 🥰😂☺️
Well, it certainly works
That is one furry newborn
Looks comfy....
Cat tested, mother approved
Fun fact. My baby kitty is actually called Baby and looks similar to your kitty lol.
Buy another one, haha!!
What is this thing called?
"New Born? What Newborn? Bow down to your new cat god, human!"
Cat's gotta cat...
[deleted]
now get another one
Watching this makes me very sleepy
*This jiggles the cat.*
You just need a 2nd one!
Discord Admin
I don't think the cat would mind sharing with the baby. They love a human heater.
Our newborn hated that thing
u/savevideo
I think this is called kitty heaven
Cat be like: "You Snooze You Lose. "
It’s got a higher purpose now.
I love that he is enjoying the rocking. My kids are 11 and 6 and I still find myself rocking back and forth in a kind of infinity pattern just like that. It’s a great trick with my friends kids (I’m 33, had my kids early, a few of my friends have just had or are having babies now, plus my three nieces under 3); they’ll be crying and won’t be settled and they’ll pass them to me to make a bottle and they’ll either be asleep or all smiles.
Might as well let the cat have it. That shit don’t work.
u/savevideo
I think he/she likes it.
isn't it though? maybe not "new Born" but baby nonetheless
keekee > baby
Cats are basically babies, too.

Cats never get rid of their meow even though they only use the meow to get attention from humans, as has been documented through rigorous study.

The mewling is very close to the exact same meows they make to a mother cat.
Why does the bed have a clit?
Can confirm. Cat used the Mamaroo more than my son did.
At least your investment will go a long way after baby grows up
Both of our cats loved our MamaRoo :) they will all take turns!
Lol, our cat did the same thing. But honestly, if you could get one big enough for an adult then wouldn’t you? I sure would
No stupid questions, right? Is that cradle floating? Where is its mechanism?!
These beds are likely wasted on humans. I didn't even know they existed. Does anyone have a link or suggestion on where to buy this?

I didn't even know my cat needed this until now. I went through the same discovery 10 months ago when I found out about heated pet beds.  They do exist and don't need to be a fire danger!
We had that exact rocker. Never used the audio passthrough because the speakers aren't great, but the rocker is top notch. Just make sure you keep the floor very clean. We had ours near the front door and the gears eventually got dirty and developed a grinding squeak.
This cat looks like a fat, evil villain
Awesome 😃
Thank you.  You may go.
As if you didn’t know that it was going to be claimed the *SECOND* it came out of the box!
When Orwell said “some animals are more equal than others” he was talking about cats not pigs.
We tried to test out the carrier on our dog. He was less than compliant.
You may p
This cat knows how to relax
Lol
You should get another one and put them both in it at the same time
I need to get me one of those
You'll have to get another one!
I could watch this for hours. Hypnotic.
Oh my
You just made my night 💕
Those ear flicks.
put baby on my belly.
u/savevideo
"I will not give up my new throne. I like the baby where he is."
Chillin’ da most!
Should have got 2.
Not anymore
I wish they had those in adult size.

The rocker, not the cat.
Cat sees Seat cat: SitS
Tortietude. I didn’t choose the baby. Baby chose me.
"This is my Mamaroo and nobody can take that away".
Did kitty eat the baby?!?!
What a beautiful baby. Congratulations.
Those chairs will save you
4cats
Damn dude I think ur cats got the 'beetus.
Your kitty didn't realize that the tread mill was for him?
Thiccc Cat
r/cathostage
What is this space age technology? Is that moving on its own? on batteries? Wow we live in the future!
I know who kills the baby soon. Meow.
They're gonna have to share
u/savethisvideo
u/savevideo
Tf is that machine, give it to rn
First come, first serve
It puts the cat in the "thing" or else it gets the hose again
The vulvatron 3000
Wtf that's cheating. What is this called?
Wait, where's the cat?
One time this lady I knew kid put a baby doll one those because there was no baby in there
Cat’s not hungry anymore.
Cute 🥰
I wish I could be that cat 😩
Same thing
Nothing wrong with a test trial.
I have a [picture](https://i.imgur.com/JnIDUAV.jpg), but I basically have the same video, only with a bunch of people contagiously laughing in spanish.
What a freaking C H O N K E R
Cat on moving chair.
Not gonna lie, thought this was r/chonkers for a sec.
The Mamaroo is a godsend and my heart breaks for the families whos babies hate it!
u/savethisvideo
And???
u/vredditshare
he is the newborn in his eyes
boss cat
Just testing the equipment
incredible
Wow ,what an incredible life!for this little one
How much was that
Looks like you're cat wants more attention
I hate to say this but you are not the father.
If your cat and newborn fit both into it at the same time and the cuteness is doubled.
Cat in the cradle.
Life is good for this little fella
If I could fits I would sits too
Cute fat cat,i love it
BIG chonk energy
I guess this means you'll be buying a second one?
the cat deserves it
Ah yes, the child.
Ah yes, Grogu.
Do not question the elevated one!
Cats still don’t give a damn
You always need a test run
Your baby is hella cute.
naww liddle babey
I think I could watch this all day.
Why does your cat remind me of a character straight up from an anime (thinking Dragon Ball or Yu Yu Hakusho)
"The fuck you looking at"

-the cat i think
[deleted]
My cat would likely love this, but only if I bought it not for him to use.
I’m laughing so hard, that I’m crying!
r/oopsdidntmeantoo
Cats Rule Everything Around Me
This is so soothing to watch.
Just testing it out ya know
Move over kitty, that's my rocker....
This is your child
Omg... I just want to rub that belly so bad!
u/savevideo
Okay this is hilarious.  The cat straight up jacked your babies rocker. 😆
Yeet the child keep the cat.
😂😂😂😂
buy two! He's not sharing with Kaitlyn!
u/savevideo
What did the cat do to the newborn :0
I'm next.
I can't help but remember that one shitty comic: "my cat ate my son so now she is my son"
Am I crazy for watching this video over and over? 🐱
That is hysterical!
He disserves it with a baby soon. Lol
Mcbigbug being super comfy. Sounds like your kids got some competition.
Dude that is a dope rocker
Perfect for this baby ❤️
Oh yeah the mama roo. I want an adult sized one.
That is a TINY baby cradle, probably.
I would be like this cat if i fit in one of those things!
Awww, lol!
Is that not also your baby?
DID HE EAT THE BABI???!
Oh wow. Based on the size of the cat he fits in there just like a baby.
Hope you dont have to breastfeed it now
No. It was for your firstborn
You're going to need another one so they can hang out together peacefully?

You might try getting a used stroller from Good Will and the cat will want the higher perch?
Claimed!
Lazy ass cat
This reminds me, when we got a chair for my mom to breastfeed my sister, when she was a baby. Our kitten (who is now a cat) immediately claimed the chair, and it automatically became his chair.
The ear flick of comfort
Wait am I watching star wars
r/BossFights
My experience is that cats LOVE things meant for the baby.
but she is the baby
It’s now for the cat
Are there versions of this for grown-ups?
I’m the captain now.
That’s a very nice cat bed :3
The furries have finally gone too far
Dude just knows how to play the game. Game recognizes game, respect.
I think your newborn is a bit....hairy....
Hairy baby...hairy babyyy
The PAWDACITY!
Quick, someone photoshop this cat onto the Jedi Council!
 Did.. did the cat eat the baby?
I want to be a cat 🐈 in my next life
Cats are awesome
Be careful with these chairs. 
I've heard so many stories about babies falling off of it.
Good Lord thats an expensive swing for a cat to be hijacking lol
