Man, this little guys legs are going a million miles an hour.  I thought for sure he was going to end up doing a somersault at some point going down this hill.
That looks like a Jack Russell, so you only have to do this 209 more times before they are STILL NOT TIRED.
I just know my dog would stop right in front of me if I did this with him
I LOVE HIS LITTLE SNOW JACKET!
Wishbone vibes with that little snow jacket
God, Jack Russells are so fast
Is that a Jack Russell?       

Pro tip:  never try to race a Jack Russell, you will lose every time.         
They're like the Luke Cage of the canine world.
That a jack Russell? My wife said it's a hard no for that type of dog cause we're too lazy to keep up with it. Holy shit, she wasn't kidding
I can’t stop watching this! First time, I thought he’d get run over for certain!
Love me some Jack Russel action!
[removed]
That puppy jacket is cuter than it has any business being. This is adorable!
Holy shit! Little guy got MOVING!
My wonderful Jack Russell passed away this summer, and watching this brought back a lot of great memories from her! She was so fast and has Boundless energy.
“Come on come on come on dad, let’s gooooooooo!!!!!!”
I never knew my dogs needed a jacket with a hood. But they do, they absolutely do.
This just tells you how fast dogs can run.
I had a Jack Russell that would do this same thing when my brother and I sled in our backyard as kids!

Thank you for bringing back those memories! Miss you Friendly, you little firecracker 💗
SSX Tricky was my life in high school
Oh man, we have a Jack Russel named Zero and he's always cold but I feel like this would be the highlight of his life Haha. This is great!
Well this is adorable
Crack Russell Terrorist. Can confirm. If there are two things mine loves, it's chasing shit and snow. And murdering rats. And breaking shit. Asshole.
I read ‘snow zombies’ - wasn’t sure what was going to happen..
Fast boy!
I'd be too scared of running over the dog to even try it.
My heart can't handle his smol jacket
He’s really fast with those lil legs lmao
That's a fast pupper!
Hell to get back up the hill. Loop a rope around his neck and have him mush your butt back up there in no time!
"Oh Lawd, he comin!"
That pull on the strap at the beginning. He's all "C'mon, let's do this!!!"
What an awesome fucking video
That’s a Jack Russell for ya.
This warms my heart, thank you
Omg thought you were going to run over the dog
Jack Russell’s are bad ass dogs. They are small but have the strength and confidence of a big dog.
Dude i WISH i could fucking do it, instead we have just this 10 foot hill that’s over in like a minute, I’d love this
This is just so much fun!!! I would pay money to watch more videos like this.
Hot dam he fast
Doggo wins!
That first bite would have been a little too close for my liking
Incredible how the dog maintained it is speed without tripping
That lil boi can ZOOM
Dog do be zoomin
Does this remind anyone else of the little dog who pulled the Grinch's sleigh?
My dog would judgementally stare at me as I slid down the hill and wait for my to climb up. She's such a good girl, but she is way too mature for games.
I was really anxious watching this, right up until the end.
One time my BIL put his husky on a leash and put his rollerblades on! Let’s just say it didn’t go well!! 90 degree turn at 40 mph!
I didn’t even know it was legal to own a pet cheetah
that is one fast little guy/gal. 

Was worried he would get smooshed.
I was so worried he was going to get steam rolled!
Love this Jack Russell ❤️they are spunky doggos
My anxiety kicked in! Read this as Snow zombies, was like "please don't run over the dog"
That's a really fast dog!
wow it's very fast
Beautiful with the sunset
I was so relieved when I saw he had his feet down to control his momentum better, omg
I want to go sledding. But I'm on the coast in south Texas. There's no snow for 1000 miles
Little dude is going faster than his back legs can handle
Pupper goes fast as hecc
Sombody’s going to sleep well tonight!
Damn that made me smile!!!!
Doggo living out his Indiana Jones fantasy
If anyone is thinking about a Jack Russell as a lap dog that will nap all day, they need to watch this.
I was so anxious he was gonna trip and fall and get run over by the sled
Thank you 😊 You made my evening. Our 21 years of age Jack passed last month and this made us all smile. That's right, 21 years old. His name was Sam. He was a piece of work who understood a lot of English words and was well loved e.g. if you said 'show me' he would walk you to the room that whatever he wanted was in, then he would stare at you until you paid attention and then point with his nose at the object. He'd keep moving from eye contact to pointing until you gave it to him or said 'no'. If he got it he'd touch you on the leg and trot off or lay down. Everything from toys to fresh water or closing a window to putting a blanket on him. So much energy. Protective and playful.  Thanks again, he's missed greatly by all except Dave the postman! 🤗
I’m in love with this dog! All dogs need hoodies now.
This brought me the hugest smile! Love love love it
Look at him in his little hoodie 😍
How adorable
Oh this made me feel so happy. Thanks for sharing
Those little legs can move!
You have your very own "guide" dog!
That's a really fast doggo
my god that fella fast
That jack knows how to have a good time!  Who tired out first, the dog or you?
Race me hooman!
It's freakin' WISHBONE!!
Aww, look at that wittle jacket mate that is the cutest thing
I’m so jealous. This looks like the most fun a person could ever have in life!
Please tell me his name is wishbone
We don't deserve dogs.
In between “owww that’s so cool” and “plz don’t run over the dog”
So smol but so fast
This is heaven for Jack Russell. They just love to run. They hve crazy amount of energy.
Certified 100% Jack Russell.
Speedy boi
Faster than a speeding sled cuter than a baby penguin can leap on to the couch in a single bound it’s super dog
I just love how the dog was checking upon his owner at the end by cutting him off so that he don’t crash in to that lil snow mountain
Look at those little legs go!!! Weeeeeee
Love the russel
Best. day.  Ever.
Those were some hella zoomies wasn't sure the little dogs legs could handle it for a minute there
The little rope tug awe
Jack russells are my favourite!
God I love all JRT’s!! Have two myself just the best lil high energy balls of fun 🤩
I’ve had a few Jack Russel terriers. They are crazy AF. One we had when I was a kid, Biscuit, would fling herself off the backyard porch, which was a good twenty feet off the ground, at the top of a hill. She died after engaging with a copperhead and having a subsequent heat stroke.
Jack Russell terriers are so hyper-insane. Good on you for accepting the awesome responsibility that is attempting to placate that absolute *unit* of a dog.
I was so worried that he would run over the dog.🥺
That little tug at the beginning. He was READY to go
wtf how is it running so fast down hill
Dude that dog is hauling some ass. His little feet 😂😂
mans really said "you wanna see some real speed bitch ill show you some real speed"
That little pupper is fast AF.
Wished I could enjoy running like that.
I LOVE that puppy. So damn cute
im impressed by how fast this lil fucker is
I have to say, this was just anxiety inducing making me think the dog was gonna get hurt.
Speedy boi
I did this once with my dog.. $7000 and a plate and screws in his leg later, we no longer sled together.
This was adorable but it made me nervous. The sled and the downhill run. I'm always worried my min pin is gonna have a heart attack. She is a tiny beast but she runs so fast- and incessantly. She outruns all the dogs at the dog park. I make her stop sometimes and breathe. 

Then I see this and I realize maybe I need to chill. I think my health anxiety is leaking onto my dog now.
Okay now you need 9 more of these little guys and some rope...
I definitely expected a different outcome to this video before I realized it's in r/aww
I thought this said “Snow Zombies”. I was scared.
Off topic, what is the guy using to go down the hill? I want one of those but I can't find it.
I was scared he was going to his the puppy. That puppy learned to run from the Prometheus school of running in and direction of things
This was dangerous for the dog.
I love this!!
u/savevideo
Reminds me of the Grinch and his dog!
I love your Jack's outfit - what a cool looking dog
I need to go sledding again if it snows. I haven't done it since like 7th grade
That dog is wicked
He's so fast!
Gosh I miss my Jack Russell so much. What a cutie with their 'lil jacket.
dog went to the Prometheus' School of Running Away From Things, it seems
I've watched this like 10 times and its still not enough
And because it’s a jack russell after 30 times of doing this the dog is still not tired.
I’m in love.
I love how at the beginning, he pulls on the thingy like 'come on, come on let's gooooooo!'
His little back feets!! Lol! So cute.
Fast af boiiiiii
I feel like this should be available in VR
Feeling very Grinchy
He looks like that dog from toy story one when he’s running 🤣
reminds me of the dogs that you follow in wii fit
Pup's looking very GQ with the sweater.
SSX nostalgia vibes
My anxiety was through the roof until he came to a stop.
And now I've got SSX Tricky on the brain.
I’ve been massively down this past month and this vid genuinely made me smile. I wish my country got snow and that my work hours allowed me to have a dog like this guy.
This reminds me of that snow boarding game ssx tricky for game cube. Loved that game lol
This gave me so much anxiety that they were gonna crash into the pup! But once that didn’t happen, very satisfying to watch! Lol
How is that little guy so fast!!
SSX tricky. One of the greatest games ever.
I'd be worried about running over him if he tripped
Dog be like 'I am fast as fck boii.. '
I was waiting for that dog to get wiped out
Fast boi
I love how he checked multiple times if he boss was coming along.
Videos about pets doing cool stuff.

Top comment : iF mY dOg/CaT tRiEd ThAt...
Does music really have to be added to these videos? Happens way too often here.
That dog looks and acts a lot like my dog! She's a Jack Russell  - and every time we sled down a hill in our back yard she *has* to be chasing us, barking and attacking the sled once it's stopped moving. It's so funny and we can see how much fun she has with it too!
I want a dog!!!!
cute as hecc
Yep, the bestest boy living the bestest life ever!
r/sweatypalms material. I was just waiting for that dog to get run over.
I never seen my Jack Russel lift any weights, but I know he does in secret; the boy is fucking shredded.
Awe! I miss my Jack Russel!
The hoodie omg so cute ☺️
Wheeeeeeeeee!
Pace!
Oh, Jack Russells....how I love and fear you.
Thought he was going to end up on the sled with you at one point!
What the… How fast this dog is!
This is a dumb comment but holy SHIT! Is he not going Mach 5?
That’s a terrier for you. Such awesome dogs!
This gave me so much anxiety. Glad pupper had fun!
Ok but i was terrified for the doggo the whole time. Good fashion sense too.
That boi fasssst!
You got smoked...
I grew up with a jackrussel that would do this when I was on my dirtbike. As a little guy I had a 50cc minibike and she would run in front of it as close to the wheel as she could, she would sometimes do a weird sideways run and nip the air in front of the tire lol. Even pinned It wouldnt catch her. RIP daisy
You will never catche me, not when I switch into MAXIMUM OVERDRIVE
Wow this dog is incredibly fast
Wishbone!
Jesus that little guy was booking it
That pup can haul ass!
r/sweatypalms the entire way down
When the pup bit the cord, it scared me a bit. Thought he was gonna bite your nono spot. XD
This may be /r/aww but I was screaming “AHHHH” the entire time.
This reminds me of that Jack Russell Terrier named Wishbone
We jack russells are natural sprinters.  Very dangerous over short distances.
Have an upvote ya filthy animal
My dog loves to run down the hill while the kids are sledding.

He also likes to bite sleds. He has popped inflatable ones, and taken chunks out of foam and plastic sleds.

We don't take him sledding anymore.
I used to have a dog that looked just like this but was black instead of brown.. I like to think this was her in her new life.. I miss you ladybug 😢
I can't go sledding with my dog lmao, he thinks that the sled is abducting us and goes ape shit, barking and attacking the sled as its moving, trying to save us.
Wholesome af but I don't want him to get hit by the sled.
BRO WAS RUNNING LIKE THE WIND LMAO
Everyone else, "my dog is way too stupid not to get creamed by that thing."
THE HOODIE
HOPY SHIT THAT DOG IS FAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAST

I wonder if it wants a treat
I had a JRT years ago.

They are 80% lungs.  The rest is leg muscles.
This post right here?  The cutest thing I’ve seen all day
Wow I miss my jack russel
That gave me
So much anxiety
He sure is fast. I am surprised he didn't end up under the sled.
I was so scarred that he would trip and... I'm not even going to say it
What if you ran him over lol
*don't get squished into a bloody streak in the snow*

*don't get squished into a bloody streak in the snow*

*don't get squished into a bloody streak in the snow*

....

phew
the anxiety i have while watching this video is immeasurable.
This made my day
Wow. That is one MAD HILL for sledging! Oh my god I would repeat sledging x100 daily until snow melts.

Fuck wish I had such a bad ass slope locally. 

I had some mini slope which was dope but this is INSANE! 

PS: I'm 26 years old.
Not gonna lie, was stressed homedog was gonna get run over there for a minute.
Am I the only person who thinks this is an awful idea? Not because the dog can’t catch up but if it trips like my short dog occasionally does in snow he’ll be hit by a 190lb mass at speed.
Don't do this. Eventually that dog will trip or slow down and you're going to crush it. I know it didn't happen here and it was cute, but why take that risk?
I'll take "ways to injure your dog" for 200.
well that’s quite dangerous
For a second there I thought the sled was about to punt the dog across the snow...
That’s just a dog running, not zoomies, dumbass
What if the dog trips, and you run him fully over?
This caused me too much anxiety to enjoy. What if you ran over him?
This filled me with so much anxiety.
That dog flys
He’s like, finally you can keep up!
FastBoi.
So cute!
you mean Snoomies!
This is amazing.
I love how the dog was trying to pull the sled in the beginning. Like, “hurry up dad! Come ON already!!!” This dog has done this before and LOVES it
His little tug on the rope. “ I’m ready to GO dad!”
I think this is the first time music has improved a gif on r/aww
I remember how our jackrussell liked to run under the sled :D Always hit him with it and he was like it was nothing. It has been very good 15 years and who knows how many more there is.
Love the little sweater. I could watch this all day!
Jesus, he was moooooooovin
IS THAT WISHBONE?!
I can’t believe that the dog was faster than you the whole way down the hill! What a sweet dog ♥️
Gotta go fast
Thought the dog was about to fly! What a run way!
u/videshee zooooom
That dog was holding on for dear life
u/savevideo
I love this!!!
This looks like so much fun
POV: You are the boulder that follows Crash.
I was wholly expecting to see a dog get yeeted there!
Sleding with my dude
Damn that pup is fast
That’s a damn good hill
*I AM SPEED*
Is this in bozeman mt by chance?
This is my favourite sub.
Where is this filmed?
yes good
Little speed demon!
Hahaha, awesome))
See! 2020 isn’t all bad
That little Jack Russell is fast!
Snoomies
Dogs (even small) can run SO FAST
Frands!
What breed of dog is this?
speeeeeed!
So cute! Your dog is the opposite of my dogs. The take one step in the snow and they wanna come back inside and lay by the fireplace
Looks like Wishbone is enjoying retirement!
This is all I could desire in life right now.
I thought the dog was going to tomahawk down
Can we just take a moment to appreciate how the dog beat him, IN A SWEATER...
I want a velvet hippo of my very own that gets the zoomies.
how is this barker so fast?
How is he so fast
Get over here you little s*ht
His back legs are flying out all over the place!! 🤣
made me smile
Wishbone gave me some sweaty palms there
Doggie: I'm fasta
Omg I love everything about this
High speed chase
When I see this, I start thinking of a Dodge Challenger racing against a little scrapy Honda Civic ..and losing to the Civic lol
Weeeeeeeeee too much fun
Wishbone!!!
I thought he was gonna fucking obliterate that dog
jesus murphy that dog is fast!
Omg that little pooch hauls ass
Such speed...
That’s zoomies on a professional level
That is one fast pupper!
That's too cute
I can not with the little hoodie!
This is so great on so many levels! That jacket! 😍
Oh man, love their little feetsies. The hind legs look like they are struggling to keep up.
the is the cutest thing ever im gushing
WOW that dog is fast 💨 I’m surprised it’s tiny legs can keep up lol I was so worried it was gonna get hit 🥺😂
I looked at my dog when I was going down a hill too. Such a silly thing to Fallout 4
Oh how I wish there was a mic on the pup. I just adore those little having-the-time-of-my-life zoomie noises!
That is the PERFECT exercise for Jack Russells

For once you mighta tired out those handsome white devils
Fast boi
I love jack Russell's for reasons like this
That’s one quick kittycat
Thats a fast dog lol
I read it as snow zombies and was horrified at the thought of zombies utilizing sleds in the apocalypse.
Well this was cute as hell.
mf landspeed record zooms
I want this dog
This brings me joy.
How much fun is that?  That fog is speedy!
My dog would just watch me, not move. Just watch me.
Fast boi
Have an upvote, ya filthy animal
Oh man...so good!!! 

I miss my JRT every day. Such a fun breed
thats the cutest fucking thing ive ever seen.
Nice sweater, puppy ( wish I had some sweater puppies)
I read snow zombies and kept waiting for them
How can this small doggie be so fast?
Let’s go slowmmo
So fast!!!!
Fast little doggo
He Won!!!
Good lord, this is why I have a cat. I'd be terrified of the possibility to accidentally run over the poor thing.
I would be too afraid of an accident happening and running over the dog to be willing to do such a thing.
Bruhhh the dog is so sweet 🥰🥰 he seems to love you a lot !
We've reached Peak Jack Russell Terrier.
I love how the dog was waiting for his human.

“Come on, you’re taking forever! We need to go down this hill!”
Jack Russell's are the best<3
I want to see this in slow motion haha
Had a hill like this at great grand parents. At the bottom was an underground pipe that created a nice jump. Uncle managed 1 1/2 somersaults on it. He didn’t go down anymore after that.
I was wondering how Wishbone was enjoying his retirement
My dog would sleep a full week to recover..
I’d be terrified to run the dog over by mistake.
sledding is terrifying
That was gangta sweet 💛💛
Lmaoooo this was way too cute and funny!
r/sweatypalms
This looks very Okanogan County to me.
this could go so wrong so fast.
I WANNA GO FAST
he fast as fuck boii
The little nibble of the sled at the beginning telling the guy “Hurry up let’s go!” is amazing
I was feeling some anxiety but then saw the guy steering with his feet.

Moreover the jack russel PULLED HIS TUBE. This clearly not the first time they've done this. Dog wants to make his Indiana Jones fantasy a reality.
Crash Bandicoot IRL 😂
lol my boy nearly tripped up but he got that premium reflex package and he course corrected fast as fast can be.
Where are snow zombies ?
He’s so fast!!
Man I was so scared you were going to run him over! I have no idea how he went so fast honestly!
His little hoodie!! 💕
How adorable... they really are our bestest friends
That's a fast stable fuckin dog
He's so cute in that sweater!
The pull on the rope at the beginning is ace. COME ON!!!
What's the video downloady bot?
How in the hell did that dog not slip?
I wonder if this dog thinks he's a little Indiana Jones getting away from the giant boulder.
I started this video 2 seconds after Blood and Thunder came on and it lined up perfectly.
Woooooooow
I thought It said snow zombies lol
Little legs carry that dog fast
The dog was just zooming doen that hill
I'm pretty sure he was running like 100mph in dog speed.
my mans zooming bruh indiana jones out her
Those little feet!!
it's Wishbone!
What’s the story Whishbone!
ssx tricky
*hit me hit me I need the money*
About halfway through he almost eats shit, Fantastic recovery.
POV: you are the Boulder from Indiana Jones
His fuckin sleeves
I love how he tries to pull the tube sled like “Hey! Come on! Let’s go!”
Doggo: I am speed
Such a fast boi!!
Yep, that’s def a JRT! 🐕💨💨💨💨💨💨
That was more realistic and more exciting action than the entire Fast and the Furious franchise
Love the way he tugs on the sled :(
Dog is literally running for it’s life..
That is one fast doge.
That’ll make for a tired pup later
If I was that dog I would have flipped, rolled,fly literally every fucking way of falling i would have done it.
I suddenly want a dog
I read snow zombies at first. I was disappointed , then wasn’t after seeing the doggo
HIMS LITTLE FEETS AND HIMS LITTLE JACKET
Boy he zoomin'
He’s super fast
Oh shit Wishbone still out here
I was expecting the dog to jump up into its owner’s hands like a pikachu
So is the reason why the Dog remains in front of the sledding guy is because the Dog is the leader of the pack and kinda protecting sled guy in a way?
That is an awesome sledding hill!!! Where is it? Looks like you had a great view too.
Milo!
Someone is going to have a big nap later!
“Keep up you two legged monstrosity!”
Love his little jacket! 😄
u/savethisvideo
dang he’s so fast!
I have a 7lb chihuahua/rat terrier. His name is moose. He is a good boy.... Not a smart boy. I would be scared of running him over.
Awe! I have a Jack Russell "Terror" and she would love this! I don't know if I would trust her off leash though, she would see movement under the snow and obsess over it for weeks...
Use skis for a free Chinese meal
I love how he/she tries to tug on your sled strap to get you going in the beginning.
How does his little heart not explode? Holy fuck
That is the cutest thing I have ever seen!!!!!!!
This video along with the song is exactly what I needed today.
This video gave me anxiety
Solid grip this little fella has
Omg that sweater. <3 :D
Another Wishbone adventure forward!
Damn lil dude is fast
Look at those legs go!
Zooming indeed! That little dog is fast!
That dog is haulin dick
Terrifying your dog like the boulder from Indiana Jones
Pure bliss
That dog is Diiiiipin
Look at him go Lmfaoooo so cute I want
I love this!
Awwwww that is so f'in adorable.
r/sweatypalms i was so scared the pup was gonna get run over lmao
I read snow zombies... I wasn't disappointed, though. I think I watched this at least 5 times. That good it made me feel.
As someone who hates the cold I’ve never wanted anything as much as this
Family dog used to follow us down the hill, barking non-stop (when he wasn't pulling us off the toboggan!) 😄
I thought this was r/whatcouldgoright
He fast
Lil feller is hauling ass!
Thought it said snow zombies an was expecting some död snö shit
When I was a kid, I would put on my roller blades and my jack russel would walk me. It was more like skiing on pavement than a walk.
U/video_bot
That is such a good boy
He a speedy boy or girl
This is awesome!
u/savevideo
Hilarious
That is soooo damn cute
I’d be so afraid I was gonna hit him!
This dog is sooo fast. I was so scared the whole time that the dog was going to accidentally be ran over
I can only think on the dog slipping under lol
Didn't notice the inner tube at first, thought the guy was sliding on his ass
Should be on r/nonononoyes
I absolutely thought he was going to run over his dog with the sled.
Lift your feet
holy shit he really zoomin doe
And his jacket is too damned cute
I wish I can have such an awesome friend one day!
u/savevideo
Dang that puppers can run.
My dog would have a bad time
That little man swaggy af
Look at those little legs go!
That’s a good way to wind up with a dead fog
Nipper!
Awesome!  Made my day.  Thank you!
He’s hauling ass! Adorable
Using your legs to brake like that is a surefire way to get a torn/strained MCL

Edit: ask me how I know
That dog is nutso fast.
Every time I see dogs playing in the snow with their people, I'm reminded just how fast even the little ones are. We used to take our dogs skiing and they would keep up with us on foot as we hurtled down the mountain at what always feels fast. And they would do it over and over again, often being reluctant to get in the car. Dogs really are the best people. 

Oh, and don't take your dogs skiing, it's really dangerous for their feet and they can be injured by unseen obstacles under the snow. You wouldn't want to get your dog hurt.
Thanks for this. Needed a wholesome moment for today.
I’ve always wanted to go skiing with my dog running by my side
Haha!   That little guy is TRUCKIN’
This is perfect
It takes a real Jack to be this tenacious.❤️
Few no doggo was hurt
That little hoodie!
Happy doggy!
I love the little hoodie!! 😍
This made me so nervous!
Just watching that makes me tired, but that little meth-mutt is just getting warmed up.
Wow
CHASEMECHASEMECHASEMECHASEME
They live for this stuff. Had an cockapoo when I was a kid that loved to ride down with us, run back to the top and wait. Towards the end of the day he'd ride the sled back up, too, when he was starting to tucker out. Knew then it was time to go home.
Gotta go fast !
This gave me anxiety for the dog.
Jack Russell hell yea! There fast little boogers
My fat ass would overtake that dog pretty quickly, but damn he must be passed out on the car ride home
Was waiting for the crunch. Then I remembered this was r/aww
Doggo go brrrrrrrrrr
HE ZOOM
He is getting it!
I thought he was going to get run over.
r/savethisvideo
This pup has amazing footwork wtf
r/savevideo
That thing is a little bullet!
That dog is a runnin fool lol
My Jack can still run that fast for very brief periods of time. She then needs a nap after. She’s 11 and last year had surgery for skin cancer, so it’s to be expected. But man Jacks are fast.
This should be under r/mademesmile. I was afraid he was going to get run over.
Awww, that's the cutest, "I'm fast as fuck boiiii!" I've ever seen.  :)
That tug on the strap at the start - he really wants to go!
Freaking love his hoodie. Reminds me of the old Baja hoodies I wore in early 90s
Jet dog
I JUST MOVED TO DENVER NEED TO GO SLEDDING
That’s a fast doggo!
Fast boi :0
Read the title as Snow Zombies, wondered where they were... I was pleasantly surprised when I realized it was zoomies. Good doge.
HE'S GOT A LITTLE HOOD!!!!!!!
Snow zoomies are the most zoom
Man. My childhood jrt slept all the time and would bite at your heels. She was a little shit... Always was the culprit behind our dogs fighting. Fuckin heel biter.
That dog was OUT 👀
I just realized that every dog zoomie must be more fun then when we slide down a hill . No wonder they zoom !
That looks fun as hell. Texas never gets that
Is nobody going to mention how the little pupper tried to pull the owner down ?

That was the cutest part of the clip!
I thought for sure that dog was going under the tube
Is this located in Gorham, Maine? It looks like mighty hill
I can’t wait for it to snow here so I can take my dog out 😭
I had more than a little anxiety that he was growing to run right over the dog.
u/savevideo
I thought this was a yesyesyesno moment
Must have been a sled dog in another life. Obviously wants to be in the lead. Pretty adorable.
Anyone else read that as "Snow Zombies" at first? Was very curious
Man I can do this all day! Where is this?
Adorable! Made my day !
Dog’s fast as fuck
Anyone else immediately get the grinch song in their head?
I need that little hoodie for my boxachi! Aaahhh it’s so cute!
r/SweatyPalms
If you put this lil guy in a hamster wheel you could use him to generate enough power for a small hotel
“I’ll race you down! Come on!”
Omg is that a doggie hoodie?? ❤️
Totally thought you were gonna whip past and get him on the way down lol
One of the few videos that I actually wanna see in slow mo. Can someone make that happen please?
Those dogs have so much energy it's insane.
It’s the sweater!
Super impressed at how fast this little jack Russell is running, almost defies physics 🤔😆
The minute I realised it was a JRT, it just reminded me of this video:

https://www.pinkbike.com/video/227689/
Honestly how fast is this little dude? A decently steep sledding hill and he still kept his balance and won the race.
Look how fuckin fast that dog is my lord hes zoomin
I love this sub so much 🥰
I had so much anxiety that the dog was going to get run over. Not on purpose ofc
*I AM SPEED*
This boy is a super lightning squadron and extremely well dressed in his winter sweater. Can't stop looking at his flying legs.
So fun, I'm living vicariously through you lol again again lol
Indiana Jones theme intensifies
I was very confused because I thought I clicked on something that said "Snow zombies". Still not disappointed though.
This hill looks so familiar... is this in Toronto?
I’d ride behind him with a nerf gun
How fast is the fastest man or woman in the world compared to this PUPPY
Was waiting for the dog to start tumbling, or the owner to run him over 😂 fuckin great dog right there!
Wow that is straight ice, idk how your dog is running that well lmao
I read that as 'snow zombies' and was a bit confused.
What a good boy! Is it a jack Russel or a mixed breed?
HE WINS!!!!!!
Damn that lil guy can run!
Made me smile so big
Jrt's are the best ... im on round 2 lol
That is one fast pup!
Dogs long for a run with a pack
I'd break my fucking legs if my dog stopped before me. Or my back, depends
That dog’s speed 😳
*FAST BOYYYYY*
S P E E D
Frasier, is that you on the sled?!
I wish my VO2 max was that high
Sweet
Holy crap that lil fella is fast AF
I love Jack Russell’s so much! They are
Fearless little warriors!
I was so afraid the little guy was gonna get run over 😱
Hahaha that's great. Little dude zoomin
Bitch better run
AWww...

Doggo is SUPPER-pupper !

:D
I read the title as snow zombies and was very curious how that would make its way into the video

Only to be greeted with this cute little guy
u/savethisvideo
Oh Jack Russells... I miss mine. He was nuts.
OMG LOOK AT HIM RUN WITH HIS TINY COAT
This looks like so much fun. I’m from the South and have never sledded and it’s on my bucket list.
Look at his legs just giver!!! 

Fast little bugger
Is OP the owner? If so, I gonna have to know where you get that little snow jacket.
My guy doesn’t know how to ride a sled
u/savevideo
Like a furry little bullet.
What a psycho :)
I like how he looks back a couple of times to make sure you are there...
How many mph’s is lil guy going?
Dog that looks like every jack russell in the history of dogs,  “is that a jack russell?”
Thats a fast dog
Bro that dog is going mok 30
Heckin fast boi
speed
Usain Bark
that’s a fast dog go
My dog would have fell and sliding down
Who needs friends when you have a dog like this
I love that little sweater!
Where is this hill at?
This gave me the biggest smile
I have a dainty Yorkshire terrier and I’m laughing at the thought of her trying this
Best video of 2020.
Terriers are the best.
OMFG that's the most amazing thing I have seen this weeekkk!!
This would have been my Strange Days purchase.
Totally read that as “snow zombies” and proceeded to look for zombies for the greater amount of 5 minutes. *smh*
Do you want to break your ankles?
Let’s get some Mario party music here
U just gotta letim plai
Ugh that lil outfit i can't contain my smile
Fast boiiiii
This video made me more nervous than I should have been. Worried he was gonna stop and get run over! Fast pupper!
Lightning Fast Doggo
I have one of these little boys at home. You'll have to do this about 200 times more and by then he might be a little out of breath
r/BetterEveryLoop
My poor dog would’ve torn every ligament in his legs if he tried that 🤣
Looks like Crash Bandicoot POV when you were chased by a polar bear!
Such a cute little tug in the beginning! Then he’s like wooohooo let’s go.
He was going so fast I thought his back legs were just hovering mid air for most of it. Oh my goodness . GO LITTLE GUY GO
My anxiety levels hoping the dog doesn’t get run over. 📈
Yip! *bump*
X
Jacks are the coolest dogs.  Hands down.  I love my little fellah.
Let him ride with you !!
Not that anyone will see this, but I’d love to know where that dog coat is from
Those little legs are slipping left and right.  I love the determination of that little guy!
My fav video ever love it!
Man, I really miss my JRT, Lucy. She was such an awesome dog.
Those little back legs were flying!
u/savevideo
Best...Day...EVAAAAAR
I had a Jack Russell when the kids were small. Two energetic kids never outlasted the dog, not a single day. 

When I wanted to get fit, I once tried running along and keeping up with him around the block. It was like the scene where captain America clowns on Falcon by running around him.

I got smoked by that little dog every day
My best friend had a Jack Russell when we were younger, so we basically grew up with that dog. Some of my favorite memories were when his Dad purposely the dog so hyped up it would run laps around the outside of their house without every getting tired haha
Wow,is the dog named rocket?
What a dog!
Dog's been watching too many action movies. RUN SIDEWAYS! lol
Damn that dog is fast! I thought it would get run over. But no. 

I wouldn't want that little thing chasing me with the intent to harm. I'd be a goner in under 2 seconds flat.
That mf is running for his LIFE
Is that a Jack Russell?
Had to put my jack russel down this week and it was the icing on the cake for 2020. This video cheered me up and thanks for sharing
Zoomies huh? I actually told my boss this wen I was running late the other day “sorry boss, I’m zoomies tho, I’ll b right there.”
Plus, that sassy little hoodie!
Wow! He’s fast! 🥳
That’s amazing
he is ecstatic
Woah look at the puppy run it’s so fast and so adorable 🥰
Wow all I can think about is one of those legs catching a chunk of ice.
That’s a Shorty Jack too!!!
Man that boi got traction out the wazoo! Not one slip
I miss my JRT 💗
What's the story, little dude?
That was really stressful to watch because I was sure the dog was going to get run over.
What kind of heathen digs their heels into a sledding trail? You should be at -77k karma.
I was terrified the whole time that they were about to run over their dog
Fast AF..I had two when I was younger. R.I.P Yoshi and Bowser.
Started to look like Daniel Jones there for a second.
I had a jack Russell who looked like that one. His name was Mr Muffs because the he was white with brown over his ears like ear muffs.
Ahh I miss that Jack Russell energy! This will be my first Christmas without my boy who we had to put to sleep in April after 17 years together.
Yooooo this looks so fun! I love the dogs spunk!
Here you can see an example of Target Fixation. Dog looked at the sled and started turning toward it as he stared. Almost going under it.
Finally! You’re as fast as me
[deleted]
u/savevideo
wishbone is faaaast! lol.
All I know is that I’d be freaking out the entire timing worried that I’d run over my dog.
dog moving
This is like the most perfect sledding hill I've ever seen. Obviously heavily used for that reason
His lil back legs kicking out behind him!
Is this Wishbones rendition of Indiana Jones?
I thought that was sand for 1/2 of the video
I haven’t seen snow in my life, so I’m not a great judge, but that looks a bit reckless. If the dog trips or doesn’t go fast enough, running over it at those speeds could be some major injury for it, no?

It looks so fun though
This video is so satisfying
My dog would literally run in front of me..
Look at his little head looking back to make sure you’re coming down with him! What a cutie
this is like that level on Sonic where the truck chases you
