Dogsledding isn’t what I thought it was.
That dog exudes pure joy
That scuttle at the end when doggo isn't moving fast enough and he just wants to slide more.

Edit: first ever award thanks to happy doggo!
Weeeeeeee
[deleted]
I used to roll around in white powder like that when Rumors was released.
I guess that's what they call a todoggan
This pup is experiencing the world’s best back scratch. You love to see it.
Every single time there is a dog doing a silly thing is always a Golden Retriever. Why is that?
What made the snow all liney like that?
Some dogs are low key thrill seekers. I had a dog named Ralphie a few years ago (He passed) that, when he was younger, would hop onto the bottom of the slide that was connected to my playhouse from when I was a kid. He would just stand there and look at my mom, and my mom would go over and push him upwards to the top. He would run down the slide and get so happy that he would want to do it again!
Doggy
This ended way too soon. Loved it
Dreams by Fleetwood Mac
This made my day. THANK YOU
I was walking my dog though a park one day, and she went across a frozen flooded area. I thought she slipped a couple times, then realized that no, she was lying down so she could push herself across the ice.
I love how he stops in the middle like he just remembered he has to make sure he's not going to slam into anything. Sees how much space he's got left and carries on.
This is the worst thing about vail buying up all the other mountains...no dogs allowed now.

I miss seeing the patrol dogs. They’d run up under the chair, and then slide down. Good times
OH LAWD HE SLIDIN'
Crystal mountain?
Slip sliding away...
Snow zoomies!
What I'd do to swap places with him...
Where's his Ocean Spray?
Goldens really are the upper class of the dog world lol
Sliding into her DM like
Pure bliss
u/gifdownloadbot
Reminds me of that scene from 5now dog5
Dog
Dog is living his best derp.
r/gifsthatendtoosoon
I've slid down the slopes like that, but without an iota of that pups grace and happiness. 

The term used most often when I'm on the slopes is "yardsale".
Wife: "how's he not freezing?"
Me: "he's built fur it"

I'm proud of myself.
The best scritches
That snow looks so perfect with the lines for some reason!
Fastest boi on earth
Puppadog
Trail gromming
The elusive backside barrel roll.
He looks so happy
Doggy needs a sled 🛷
Doggie getting that fresh corduroy
This dog is where I wAna be rn.
The smoothness of that snow is very satisfying
zoomer on a groomer
😍 cute
Das me
Pure innocence and joy
I’d love to go snowboarding and have a doggo sliding beside me
Perfect pistes.
Wonderful
those lines are oddly satisfying
Good boi can shred the gnar
Such a cute good boy!
He's just sliding through 2020
Manface802
Nice
u/savevideo
Adorable!!!
r/redditsave
My dog loves the snow too, she’s always been an outside dog and when there’s a blizzard, me and my parents are just watching her frolic through the snow, rolling in it, diving through it, and just plowing her whole body through the snow. It’s the cutest thing ever, and she’s like, 15 years old? She runs around like a puppy all the time. She’s adorable.
u/savevideo
I don't understand how some people can see a video like this and still insist that animals don't have emotions.
I wish people wouldn't add music to the videos. 99% of the time, the music detracts from the video, like this one.
Taking the dog to the groomers
Very cute video. What’s with the bizarre, incongruous music on Reddit videos these days?
my christmas wish is for all the dogs in the world to have a life as happy as this
I love Fleetwood Mac
Okay maybe dogs are better than cats
Song?
everyone loves a run through fresh corduroy
This made my damn day.
What in the world
Hey it’s Jerry’s dog!
[removed]
Ong he's adorable!!! 🥰
The best type of puppy groomers
The world needs more of these creatures.
Best animals of all time
Best thing I’ve seen all day, thank you
nroom 

(how do i spell it?)
Ahahaaahha very good:)
I see so many dogs do this. Quite curious. Do wolves do this also?
very good boi
This me all the time, always one side of my body is hotter that the other side, and trying to make it cooler 😬
Literally everyone loves a freshly groomed track turns out
u/vredditshare
I don't think I've ever seen a sad Golden
That must feel awesome.
Rippin’ the ROOOOOOOY
😍😍
Slidin into DMs like
That is the most doge irl thing I have ever seen in my entire life 😂😂😂
Definition of “not bothered”
Whose job is it to rake all that snow? I'm from California I didn't realize snow gets raked like that.
No Ocean Spray
That would be my dog 🐕
“Jamaica we have a dogsled team”
I wish I was that dog right now
U/gifdownloadbot
Dogs are weird.
Reason #492 why everyone should have a golden retriever
zoooooooooooooom
He slidin'
A couple years ago I made a snowman in my backyard to see how my dogs would react. I filled a pair of jeans with snow adding a bit of water as I filled the legs to make it strong enough to stand. Did the same with a sweat shirt. Put gloves at the end of the shirt sleeves made the headband gave it a hat. Job toke almost 3 hours. When I let the dogs out they immediately noticed the “intruder” started barking at it posturing to try and chase it off.  They eventually realize it wasn’t a person and wondered off to do their own thing.  Funny bonus, they kept forgetting about it so every time I let them out it was the same reaction.
The rest of my day would consist of carrying that doggo back to the top of that hill.

P.S.: I regret accidentally clicking audio.
This doggo is living the life
He has reached terminal barklocity.
I like how he looks at the camera as he goes by. Like "Sup?"
What are the straight lines in the snow from?
He’s like wheeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
u/savevideo
ok but the sky is beautifullll
u/vredditshare
Your [R/zoomies](https://www.reddit.com/r/Zoomies?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share)  post is above this one
Corduroy groomers look so nice.
u/savevideo
Is that angel fire New Mexico
u/savevideo
Skiing is innate in mammals.
he doin the good boi slide
I aspire to be this happy in life
What's the name of the song?  I've heard it before, but I don't know the name.
Where is this? It feels quite familliar to me
Why you didnt go with Landslide I'll never understand
I just came here to lambast the desecration of a Fleetwood Mac classic and one of the greatest songs ever.

Doggo is innocent.
Why can’t I think of what song this is
lol, that looks funs!!!!!!!!
u/savevideo
Aw that dog is so cute #You should get him a sled😋😂🤣🙃🐕🐶🛷
God that corduroy looks so nice.
I fucking hate that they through a "popular tik tok song" on top, this is an old video.
"Take *that* fleas!"
I want that life
BRing yOuR doG InSIDe, IF YoU'Re coLD ThEY'Re coLd

My chow mixed girl LOVED to just go out and roll around in the snow. She would refuse to come inside for hours. Had so much fun playing in tbe snow together.
u/savevideo
r/savevideo
That doggo is what I needed for the end of this wild year.

Also, my OCD self appreciates the crispness of the snow lines.
u/savevideo
I want a dog. A dumb one. One that’s always happy too.
Looks like you took your dog the 'groomers'.
I thought the dog was inverted at first
u/savevideo
Downvoted because song.
doge.exe is not responding
Man, he really picked up some speed there.
LOL those little patters at the end! Again! Again! My life since I was 13 years old, every year pattling harder...
This is amazing !!
Why do dogs flop like that Lmaoo
So cute, and so infuriating because now I just want to go skiing.
Cute
Oh my gosh so cute!!! The smile on his face!!
Neeeooww
I want to be this dog!
Wanted him to hit a jump and just glide through the air
Good boy
Isn't that the best groom for that
Needs more cranberry juice
This is quite possibly my new favorite post of all time.
Man.. I wish I was a dog rn.
u/gifreversingbot
Mt Hood?
original DogFace
Dog looks like me trying to snowboard
beautiful
Makes me miss my chow/lab mix. I live in Florida so there's no snow, but man, when it got cold out he was in heaven and would just run around outside so happy, he'd literally play fetch with himself but tossing his own toys in the air and running after them.
Oh

My

God
I want that for my dog.
Wait a minute whears is all of the rocks and crap on the way? is this is some witch crafting?
slidey boi
Watch out where those huskies go, don't you ski in yellow snow
So sweet!!!
What’s this song ?
He's taking in the cool vibes.
When skiers take their dog to the groomers.
Dogs Really are the Best People !
I would love to be that dog
OMG
Not even joking I had a dream about a golden retriever sliding down a hill today and now I see this. Mind blown lol.
😅😅🥰🥰
u/savevideo
u/savevideo
This made my day.
Weird choice of song though. Why not Landslide?
r/savevideo
Why is he cooler than me?
Oh he vibin
Am I invited to join him? I might need to hold on to him though.
Why don't humans do that too. Make it a sport. Who can wheee the farthest.
My Spirit Animal
Imagine being new to tracking and following that
Now I wish I am more hairy >:/
Love how he looks at the cameraman as he’s sliding down.
Brings new meaning to dog groomers.
Occhio che finisce come Schumacher e diventa un vegetale
He’s like this side ran out of gas, better roll over
Every dog has his day...
Dogs, bruh.
Marmot basin?
“o no i go too fast!”

“no now want to go fast again”
Aww
u/downloadvideo
Cuteeee!
He skis better on four legs than I do on two.
Just a pupper living its best life.
that fresh cord must feel like some good boy scratches
This makes me think of my king shepherd I lost this year 😭😭
This makes me so happy!
GET THIS DOGGO IN THE DOG OLYMPICS!!!!
u/savevideo
Best thing I’ve seen all day. Happy holidays!
u/savevideo
Super smart doggo!
DEJA VU
Me sliding into Your DM knowing you had a bad day
I love green groomers too, little buddy ⛷❤️
This is amazing
CVGB: Certified Very Good Boy
Where is this?
Typically would hate music playing on top but it works.
Im going to need the number for that groomer
Just missing his kibble juice
u/savevideo
I love it!
This dog doesn't have the zoomies, he's got the groomies
His squiggly legs are cute af
Why isn’t it longer?
/u/vredditshare
His name is Corduroy.
That's like a super hero landing!
That's like a super hero landing!
I want more
u/savevideo
I guess you could say they took their dog to the groomers
You think he can handle a double black diamond?
You mean best boi.
You can go your snow way.
I'm curious if wolves do this
Do they rake the snow?
Wonderful
Good idea. The flesh keeps better in the cold. Love this type with some fresh thyme and just a pinch of salt.
Looks like Stowe
😂❤️I love
Fantastic
Why is the snow striped
u/savevideo
I looked similar on my first time on the slopes
Frictionless doggo
That’s one smooth Playa.
I'm loving how much he's loving life
I've never wanted a dog's life more than seeing this
Look at him gooooo!
Dawg animal!
What's it like to be this happy?
I'm a sled! I'm a dog! I'm a sled! I'm a dog! I'm a dogsled!
Do they figure out this by themselves or do you slide them the first times?
/u/gifreversingbot
Actual footage of me skiing
i'm jealous!
I want to body sled like the dog.
Speedyboy !
Lol gets up and shakes about a pound of snow out of his ear.
YOU HAD THE PERFECT CHANCE TO PUT IN THE SUPER MARIO 64 SLIDE THEME AND YET YOU DID NOT
ive always had giant calves and couldn't wear the skii boots the lodge had in stock.   I had already payed for the trip and had worked for several weeks as a broke college student for the three day pass. So I did whay any reasonable person in this situation would do, I zipped up my jacket rode to the top of the skii lift went to the least used spot, belly flopped and did what this doggo did from the top to the bottom.
helloio
Why does this place look like öre, Sweden
 u/savevideo
Damn I miss my Golden that we had to put down this year.  That good boy Loved snow just like this!
Best thing I saw today
It started to snow like an hour ago here and I bet most people will be like this tommorow xD
What a life...
Dogs Are just the best ❤️😂
This dog slides
This dog has blessed you, 10% more damage against evil
I could watch an hour of this - like, just have it on in the background like one of those fake fireplaces
#coolestdogever
2nd best dog ever (mine is best) 🙂
Sleds? Where we're going we don't need sleds!!
Imagine coming across those tracks later with no context! Like what the...
/u/vredditshare
u/savethisvideo

u/vredditshare
How is this dog having such a good day and i got an horrible luck today :'(
Recording of me going through life
How does one train a dog to do this? Asking for a friend
That dog is mad chill
Omg this made my day. They ate so awesome
This dogs face has an expression of pure bliss 
Beautiful fur baby ❤️❤️❤️
SSX Tricky: Airbud
Merry Christmas motherpuppers for everyone whose in europe
At first I had anxiety that the dog would collide with a boulder.
Having a good time
What kind of wet US skiers call this shit courdroy?🤣🤣🤣 Fucks sake
Technically, this is a glissade, but this guy is so good, he doesn’t need an ice ax as an arrester.
Is this mt high?
This cheered me up.
Now that’s sledding
Poggers but that playing with a dead dog ain’t healthy
Dreams goes with everything now i guess
Is that what the heaven's like.
I know off topic- why dose the snow look like that
u/savevideo
Doggy go slide
The quintessential goofball
This is dogsledding right?
The fluffiest zamboni.
u/SaveVideo
This made my Christmas day! It put a smile on my dial since losing my boy a year ago, so thank you! Merry Christmas x
Sonny Bono died doing this same thing
What are all the lines from?
That goofy-footed  muthafucka.
would pay for him to sled more 😔
Stoopit what are yooh dooing
Hahahahaha love this dog!  He is an awesome boy❤️!!!!
So fucking sick of that song now.
[All kinds of animals enjoy a good slide](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8ldZAZAIXGs)
My goal in life is to have as much fun in something as a golden has in everything .
BYE THIS IS BEAUTIFUL
u/expertodin
He needs a bottle of cranberry juice...
Well-groomed
Aww
Ultimate version of  scratching that itch.
I love how in the first slide before doggo gains speed his legs are still peddling lmao so cute
Wow having real fun and enjoying coming down the slope...ooolala.
 Nice
Nice snowboard *steps on it* why do I here a cracking noise
Look ma’ no hands!!
lol having a labrador made me unfunny.

first thing that came to my mind was “Nooooo, it will have ear pain again.” “snow is gonna get inside its ears, nooo”
I feel the same way about groomers.
Ther need to put the gas gas gas song over this and it would be perfect
Groomer Day > Grooming Day
s W I m
so cute!!!
Lovely dog and lovely snow. Haven't gone skiing this year, I can literally feel the crunch. This is amazing. Have fun.
Send him on the black slopes
u/savevideo
Aaaaaand now I need to dust off the old classics playlist and do some reminiscing.
I didn't think it was possible
But 2020 has officially been redeemed
He deserves this. He's been at home with his parents nearly 24/7 this year. Float on, dog. Float on.
Much better then the last dog skiing video I saw. Poor guy was doing cartwheels for 5 minutes
Yes. That is a good boi.
Can someone please sing along  'I came in like a Rainbow' with the 'Wrecking ball' tune? I think that would be phenomenal.
Hahahah so much fun.
Can I find more of this anywhere?
Ever humans should die so he can feed
I would happily pay to go on a run where the humans have to go slowly because pups are allowed on it to slide down, enjoying themselves the whole time.
r/mademesmile
God I want a dog so bad.
/u/vredditshare
u/kvu22
Doggo: "Weeee!"

The Wolves who lived on the mountain for years: "...relatives."
True bliss right there
Comin in hot!
Lol, looks at bliss.
***cute***
He's grooming the slope.
I've finally found what I want to be when I grow up!
this is the funny dude i have ever seen haha
That first tracks feeling!
Wheeeeeeeeeeee
Sooo much fun🥰❤️
Watching this in 41 degree heat 😭
Glitch in the matrix
Oh shit is this in alaska? It looks familiar
Whats with the edgy country music
Trip to the groomer...
Iver never wanted to be a dog more
It is a good day to derp
He happ
What an odd choice for a soundtrack to pair with this video.
u/savevideo
I hope one day I can vibe as hard as this dog is
He has some serious skills
Of course it’s a Golden Retriever 😂 I’ve owned dogs all my life and my Golden is definitely the goofiest!
😆
/u/this_vid
The goodest boy!
No credit for the TikTok?
I want to be this happy one day
Too cute. Anyone know who sings that song?
Is this the same for that slides down grassy hills as well? I remember a ton of videos from a golden that did that
Thank u for this gift 🎁
I can tell this is just one of those posts that I'll be seeing reposted for the next month.
That corduroy looks so fun. *wistful skier noises*
Owner: "Let's put Skip on an inter tube......... wait....where did he go?"

Dog: "I AM THE INTER TUBE!!!!"
Love this. Could be Landslide By the mac
He is his own snowboard
Mad river mountain?
😍
I never see people asking about songs on Reddit. Is it ok to ask?
u/savevideo
u/savethisvideo
u/SaveVideo
[removed]
Where was it recorded? That slope reminds me of something
Do yourself a favor. Keep the video muted.
u/savevideo
u/savevideo
Very cute, but I hope the pup doesn't get hurt by a snowboarder/skier!

Edit: Evidently people don't want the dog to be safe.
Soft & Wet!!!
Not the best video for a breakup song, no?
Would be improved with this song https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ABr_f0pV_y0
I find it impossible not to upvote Stevie Nicks.
Wait don't dogs get cold? Or get frostbite?
