I have trained my kitten to give "kisses" when I get home, by booping the tip of my nose against his everytime. This has resulted in him shoving his entire nose into my nostril when he wants to wake me up.
I love how you can see her visibly relax after the stretch, like *ooh* that was a good one
So cats like squishing AND stretching. They seem to have many things in common with bread dough
r/OooBigStretch
https://i.imgur.com/2tJ5pxP.gifv
If one of them isn't saying "soo big!" when this happens it would be a crying shame.
My senior guy insists on the same thing before picking him up.  If you don't, I suspect it hurts him a little bit and he meows harshly....if you're gonna pick him up, gotta stretch like this for a few seconds first.
She's praising the sun
“Alright I gave you the stretch now where is my treat?”
Helping her be the best that she can be :)
*Dear diary,* 

*Today I saw a viking stretching a cat.*
This is so wholesome!
My man looks like fred if scooby doo was about mystery solving vikings

Edit: just thought if there's a talented artist that wants to draw the gang as vikings I would greatly appreciate it
He’s like a Catropractor!!
Then is owners turn
I thought you were Fred from Scooby Doo
I demand a Dark Souls outfit for the kitty. Purrraaiise the Sun!
We laugh, but this looks like such a wonderful thing for the back. My jenky back is jealous.
So to respond to a few things I’m seeing in the comments:

- The blue “scarf” you’re seeing on my boyfriend isn’t a scarf, it’s a face mask that wraps all the way around your head, he just had it on his neck because he was home on his lunch break and gave her the stretch before leaving to go back! He does kind of look like a hipster Fred with it like that around his neck, though, lol.
- I see some people don’t like his hair, but that’s okay, I do and he does and that’s all that matters!
- This habit came about because ever since Daisy was a kitten, she’d lift her arms to the sky any time someone picked her up. My boyfriend decided he’d help stretch her out when she lifts her arms and now she just expects it any time he gets back home! 
- Daisy enjoys the stretches. Boyfriend isn’t rough with her and doesn’t hurt her doing this! She grunts a little after every stretch like we humans do after a good stretch, and her little paws shake during because she loves it. 

If I missed anything or you have another question, just reply here! My notifications and messages are a bit crazy right now so apologies for not replying to people individually!
Praise the sun!
My husband stretches our cats like this, but he holds them facing away from him with their back against his torso and leans back a bit. Our cats are chonks and always give these big shuddering stretches lol
Find you somebody who loves you like Daisy loves OP's boyfriend!

I love seeing these posts. I have a crush on your cat's crush :)
What a docile cat. If I tried that with mine I'd be scratched to shreds.
Praise the sun
Her tummy looks like she's wearing a v-necked argyle sweater. Her coloring shows a v at the neck with sort of diamond-shaped patterns of color. I've never seen a cat stretch like that except when laying on its side. She's very limber and must care for you and your boyfriend a lot.
Praise the Sun!!
"You think one of these days he'll finally let me hug him?"
My cat patches uses to love stretches.
One of our cats loves to be stretched like this too! You can feel all of his muscles trembling and stretching and you can tell how satisfying it is for him.
\o/
Aawww... What a cute video!! :). Happy cake day, by the way!! :)
Oooooh big stretch!
Kitty partner yoga
She has such pretty coloring! What a sweetie!
Cat``i am here lord,take me''
What a sweetheart of a cat
Praise the sun!
Ok love Daisy! Her and your dude are so cute together
Praise the Sun! 🌞
Praise the sun
Praise the Sun!
Praise the Sun!
The cats stretching like the fabric on that baby gap t shirt.
People can choose their dogs, but cats choose their people. If this is how Daisy greets your boyfriend, then she has chosen him to be her person.
Praise the sun!
We have a cat who does the same.  His name is.... Stretch.
This video would also work with the title "Man bends cats for fun".
She has some cute armpits. **A sentence I never thought I would write (or say)
\\[T]/
What a haircut.
That looks like a pretty damn good stretch worth the wait.
Fred seems different after parting ways with the mystery gang.
Supa big
Happy cake day
my kitty does this too! biiiiig stretches :)
u/savevideo
You two are just gonna have to get married now. The cat's too attached for him to suddenly dissappear.
Happy blue cheese day
Wtf bro, this cat is Praising the Sun. It's just Jolly cooperation.
NAAAAAAAAAAASEVENAAAAAAABOBOBEETSIBADAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Praise the sun!
Anger is an acid that can do more harm to the vessel in which it is stored than to anything on which it is poured.
Jeez, your boyfriend could stretch me out, too
Daisy is such a pretty kitty! She looks she has a V-neck on when she is stretched out. <3
You should buy him some tshirts that are his size.
This is adorable
Ooohhh big stretch!!!
Now that's love.
I used to do that with my Ninja! <3
\o/
That’s PAWesome 🐾
This is literally the fucking cutest
This is unique and very sweet. Great share! Thanks!
She wants you to pick her up!
I’m lonely. This makes me want to get a cat
Oh my gosh!! My kitty does this EXACT same thing!! I’ve never seen another cat do it, my other kitty hates it. Cutest thing ever!!
r/touchdownkitty
Cute cat and cool coloring! Never seen calico this black! (Not to be confused with torties, which usually are dark.)
This is so cute. I love how calicos can have such different black:red:white ratios in their fur. I have 3 calicos and they look so different. Anyway, Daisy is a doll! Sweet boyfriend, sweet cat. I’d say you’re doing all right.
Gimnastik kat))))))
My smaller of two cats loves this too! It makes me really happy when she wants me to do it because I can feel and see her relief and happiness.
This is really cute. Also happy cake day!
I love her little eyebrow
\\[T]/
Why is your boyfriend dressed like Fred from Scooby Doo
Praise the sun!
Praise the sun!
Praise the sun!!
Praise the sun.
Daisy praises the sun...
This is not a stretch, this is a saiyan attempting to collect energy from around the earth to produce a spirit bomb
This is a fun thread but ignores the fact that the cat stretching and flinging her front legs up is adorable!
What a unique pattern for a calico!
Praise the sun!
Praise the sun!
I’m not crying you’re crying shut up
I suspected this was the same cat that stole your boyfriend, which is one of my favorite Reddit posts ever, I’m very happy to see that it is 😊

That’s one special bond they’ve got!
Praise the sun
did your boyfriend try to dress like Fred from Scooby Doo?
YOUR DATING BRAD FROM HOME IMPROVEMENT!!!!!!
praise the sun
If this ain't the cutest damn thing
Awww my very first kitty did this. He would stretch way out and hug me around the neck every day after work.  It was the best. Thanks for the reminder!
This is absolutely precious 🥺
When my dog was a puppy he'd bark at us when we sneezed.  Once when my daughter sneezed, in the brief second she had her eyes closed, he had traveled 10 feet to stick his snout in her open mouth.  LOL
Ugh my dumb idiot heart
Stop it right now
This is one of those gifs that I've got to pay attention to the time on or I'll just watch it on a loop for like an absurd amount of time. It's very satisfying.
Can someone turn this off before I hurt myself watching this cuteness?!
Me stretching after doing 2 minutes of tower
My cat is pisses at me now. He didn't want to stretch.
Marry that man
He can give me one too! Woof!
Tacgnol lives!
Cat Yoga at its finest
How sweet
I love how she stretches out her tail too!

Whaddakitty!
This, this does put a smile on my face
Aww! So precious! I've gotta try with my cat
This is so cute, oh my god! Daisy is such a cute name for a pied tortie too!  Daisy looks like my cat Freya-Bean\^\^
You mean Daisy's boyfriend waits for him to give her a stretch. And then she let's you guys hang out.
Daisy was my cats name also... She was a black cat with spots of white under her neck.... Miss my Daisy Girl.... And stretch kitty stretch...
Your BF seems like a gentle giant.
i want the boyfriend/cat life get me out of college 😭
Omg this is too cute
Oh my god
Praise the sun
So your kitty waits for your boyfriend to give her a stretch whenever he comes over? *ahem*
The hooman salutation. Like the sun salutation but for good kitties ❤️
This makes me miss my cat that died this year. Used to do this so much. He loved it ❤️
Praise The Sun!
(This is incredibly cute. My cat likes to be spanked.)
Praise the sun!
I do this with my cat too!

she HATES it!
nameowste
This was adorable until I saw his ridiculous man bun. There's plenty to copy on social media to feign individiality. Choose something else.
Happy cake day!
I can use this
Hail new daddy.
Kitty chiropractor.
"Mmmhhah yes thank you masseuse, now go fetch me some food and drink."
I wish any of my cats would be that cute
I watched that for at least two loops! Adorable.
"Gib me Dirty Dancin', boy."
She's an aspiring gymnast. Your boyfriend seems to be a purrfect training partner.
u/downloadvideo
Phrasing.
/u/vredditshare
Biiiiiiiiiiiig stretch
holy cow I did not expect this to be THAT cute
\\o/
I used to do that with my cat

Start out with "reach for the skyyy"
I saw her in a “the dodo” video!!
Marry him right now
i just stretched after watching this video and i gotta say, its pretty nice
Too adorable. Didn’t even know this was possible
Hug the damn cat!
Our ginger tabby Gabriel used to do this... haven’t had a cat since that did. I’m hopeful though!
My parents do the same with their cats, although one prefers to be "stretched" on the ground. Amaze
How does one even know a cat wants this the first time?
"hallelujah daddy's home!"
Challenging his girlfriend fr
Happy Cake Day
Awe, when I was a kid I use to have a cat that did this when I picked her up. I think about it all the time when I pick up my current cat. It Makes my heart so happy to watch this.
Praise the Sun
Praise the sun!
Praise the sun.
happy cake day :)
Cutie
Couch looks familiar
Soooo cute! 🥺
Happy Cake Day!!  Have a Rocket!
I love me some baby kitties!  I like to make a bridge with mine.  Like the revealing of the lion king!
What’s written on your bf’s arm?
He’s the kittypractor
He must be a catopractor!
Man this guy looks exactly like me from this angle. I was real confused for a second
Cake dayyy 🍰🍰🍰
Sun salutations
Kitty chiro!
Praise the sun
Omg! My cat does this too. If you pick her up off the ground, she stretches her back legs too.
OK, now, everyone. Take a big inhale? And then on the exhale... Shift into salutation to the sun.
That's a cool cat
Question is does he do the same with you??
Old bjorn Ironsides
Praise the sun \o/
This is adorable. Also, you should talk him into adding hammer curls into his workouts as it will give his biceps more definition and size ( I had that same issue for such a long time and it was such a simple solution).
I legit thought this was someone I knew for a minute
THAT IS ADORABLE OH MY GOSH
My cat would claw my eye out if I tried this
what a sweet girl ❤️
My cats suck. Apparently
That is a adorable. I love when pets and owners have their little rituals. When I'd come home from school I'd shower then sit on the couch. My dog would then come over and sit down by legs waiting for me to run my clean feet along her belly.
GENKI DAMAAAAA
Praise the Sun!
That's adorable!
Even though I'm not a cat person, this is so adorable and funny. :3
Your bf is a MMA fighter?
Praise the Sun!
Yes, this is what I needed.
My cat does this, but we call it “Loooooong Kitty” lol. Which is cute until you’re at the vet and they ask you to raise her front legs up to access the belly and you say “loooooong kitty!” Like a weirdo in front of the vet.
My hooman helps me exercise and after a days cat napping,I need a good stretch....
Yogatta do what yogatta do
The cat is great, but can we all pay attention to how the boyfriend is dressed like hipster Fred from Scooby Doo when he's wearing that white polo?
Cats are the best
My cat does the same when you touch near his armpits, so cute
So sweet! How did they develop such a routine?
When the bass drops
I'd love to see this video with the human edited out. Nothing against him I just think it would look hilarious
Daisy says, "Marry that man!"
How adorable,! Who else could use some of that right about now?
Ready? Begin. Down... up.
I have no idea how long I've been watching this for 🤔
So graceful
How can you not add a kiss to that belly!!
Cat is a big Shawshank Redemption fan.
Ohh that’s a big stretch
My animals love stretching!
Awwwww!!!!!
PRAISE THE SUUUUUUUUUUUUUUNNN!!!!
My cat does the same thing! He stretches his paw out too and wants to me to pick him up during the stretch process.
A lot of people are allergic to cats
PRECIOUS FLOWER 😭😭
When did fred from scooby doo get so swoll
My boyfriend does this to my kitty too!! Well I do give my kitty stretches a lot too.
Looks like Fred from Scooby Doo at the start
Buddy, one day you’re gonna stretch it too far, and that’s gonna be a sad one.
I do exactly that with one of my cats! He loves it. My other cat is not flexible at all haha.
I had a cat that would kind of do this, except she put her paws on my shoulders so we called it a hug. She was probably just stretching though.
I sincerely have never seen anyone do that outside of myself... Great minds and birds of feather
Anyone else make stretching noises while watching this?
That was one of the cutest things I’ve ever seen. It makes me think of [this stretch. ](https://tenor.com/view/lift-cat-human-cute-hug-gif-3539698)
I used to do that my black cat when she was still alive. She loved it too.
There is an innuendo in this..
Gorgeous lil tortie!
OMG!  I was just watching videos of a cat doing this.  OMG IT'S A THING THIS MAKES ME HAPPY!
Aww, big stretch
I have a two brothers that do this. One does it to be thrown over my shoulder and the other just does it for my attention. It’s the cutest feeling.
She's praising the sun.
He's a Catropractor?
My cat does this too! You can feel all his muscles shake it feels like it would be glorious
it looks like your boyfriend waits till hes home to give her a stretch
Touch down!
Praise the sun!
r/mensmittenwithkittens
Praise the sun
Thats adorable!!! 

My cat's name is daisy too
u/gifreversingbot
Nice that Fred from Scooby Doo likes cats
It’s the arm stretch for me lol
Yoga cat!
Happy cake day
I do the same with my Shiba Inu except she does the wheel barrow stretch and gets the belly rub 😂
Salute the sun!
I watched this for a very long time before realising it was a loop.
Omg sooo cute
You know that stretch you do in the morning and it feels really really really good? I bet that's what the cat feels like each time she does that stretch.
Big stretches!! She’s so cute. And happy cake
(๑•ᴗ•๑)♡
I thought this was normal.
I wish our cat cared this much about others
Cake!
F king cute!!!
It’s like Dr. Tubio giving an adjustment.
This cat is more cared for than I am.
Omg my cat does the same thing!
Big tough guy felled by the sweet kitty!
Based
Very beautyfull cat
So cute! Especially the last 43 times I saw this.
So cute. I had a kitty boy named Jasper who loved to stretch as well.
I can feel this
Sign of feline trust
lol... every r/tightpussy needs a good stretch from time to time
And I thought I knew everything about cats.
Praise the sun
I love how she even flexes her paws out to get the FULL stretch! She is clearly a pro
*Praise The Sun*
Shes bending over backwards for him cuz you wont.
Me next please
Praise the sun 



*Plin plin plon in the distance* 

Oh no.....
Biiig stretch
You might also try picking her up and flipping her on her back. My cat goes into full stretch mode when I do that.
Cat yoga
So precious
That was awfully nice of Daisy to choose your life partner for you.
Can you imagine, even to lazy to stretch on it's own
Praisssse the sun
Hahaha I do this to my cat whenever he wakes up. He loves it.
Praise the sun!
this must feel SO GOO! Oh to be a cat...
Chiropra-cat-or
Ah ya that's the stuff.
Aww
Omg this is too cute
Let me guess. Your boyfriend is a chiropractor
My cat does the exact same thing!!
Praise the sun \•/
He’s a physical therapist for your cat!
That’s a beautiful kitty .
So precious. It would be best part of the day to run in and get a hug from this gal.
*now iiiive haaaad the time of my liiiiife, no i never felt like this before*
"Purrrraise the sun!"
Gurl! She’s trying to steal your man! 😊
Happy Cake Day!
Well this is too adorable
Ok she’s his cat now
Shes asking to be picked up.
Kitty Chiro
Oh damn... can I get a stretch too? That looks so good it made my body ache.
I do this with my shepherd every morning and when I come home, he loves it.
Oh my goodness my cat does that when I go to pick him up
Must be accompanied by saying "oh big stretch"
Cutest thing I've watched today. God, I need to stretch too, then I'll feel better.
That is a beautiful cat!!
Looks like they’re praying together lol
Back trouble in cats!  Of course!  A good stretch is chiropractically recommended.
Ohh, that made me want to stretch too
My kitty does this, but only the opposite way! She loves to stretch legs as well!
She trained him well!
Yay team!
Daisy:" Human's home, I think i'll give him the pleasure to hold me again today."
My cat demands a nelly scratch the moment I walk in the door after work. Amazing how well they’ve trained us!
Praise the sun
 Is that a *male*￼￼ calico?
Duuuudee I do the same thing to my cats in the morning and whenever I see them wakeing up. Really cool to see their claws come out before retracting when the relax again. They love it!
This is too sweet. <3
Happy cake day
my cat does this when I pick him up! 

he'll be on his back and do a full stretch toes and all
My husband does this with our cat!
Ha that’s great. Our cat hates when my wife picks him up unless it’s to help him stretch and he looks so much like that
u/savevideo
That’s a back adjustment not a stretch!
Praise!
Yea but what does your boyfriend give to Daisy every time Daisy gets home?
Stretchy boy
By the caption alone I thought this was going to go a different direction.
Can't tell if she just expects it and tolerates it or if she actually wants it.
Yoga Cat
Do you even praise the sun bro?
My cat Enzo loves to be stretched just like Daisy!  He’ll actually stand up and put his front paws up in preparation.
“Praise tha lord!”

-	cat probably
You want a hug? Psyyyyyyyych!
Adorable!!
I wasn’t ready for the blue plaid shut the was wearing, I don’t know why that is, nothing special about, it just caught me off guard.

I need a hobby.
Wasn’t what I was expecting but ok.
Thats awesome
same with my cat hehe
Does your boyfriend wear the same shirt everyday? Is he Fred from scooby doo?
Are we seriously not doing "phrasing" anymore?
Happy cake day :)
The continuing saga of your boyfriend and your(his) kitty!   

Love seeing your videos.  Always brings a smile to my face.
Is your boyfriend a licensed chiropractor?
Now that's beautiful! 😻
Aww that's so cute ♥️
Also, happy cake day!
Hehe
I want one as well! That looks relaxing af
I wish I were that cat... no wait I wish I were the bf.. no... dammit can I be both
Is your boyfriend Freddie and does he drive a van called the Mystery Machine?
Hehe my cat does this too :3
I love the idea that Daisy actually hates this but thinks the boyfriend loves it and does it out of a sense of duty.
My kitty’s also named Daisy.
What a great stretch. I could just see how good it felt.  🤗
I forget why I like reddit until I see things like this
When I met my now-wife, she had a black cat that loved to do this whenever she came home from work.

If he had a good one, he would even make a satisfied grunt. It was very cute.
Biiig stretch.
Is he a chiropractor?
we do this too! big stretch gang. she trembles and stretches her beans mid stretch, too. that’s how you know it’s good.
I have found cats are 100% creatures of habit. Once they like something and get used to it, , they must have it in their routine... or you'll hear about it
Nice ponytail cupcake
Kitty chiropractor!
Is it weird that I want to be Daisy and have someone stretch me?
Praise the sun!
If only I could be so grossly incandescent!
Upsy Daisy 😻💗
Fred's been hitting the gym 💪
Everyone watching this go and stretch right now.
My sister’s cat Yui does the same thing usually after a nap or when he hasn’t seen her in a while.
Omg my cat does this too. It’s so precious 🥰
That’s called “sticking the landing”
Do you even lift bro? Stretches first though.
fred
u/savevideo
Happy cake day!
aw i do this with my cat
Cats can be so quirky. One of mine used to stretch her back legs so often it was compulsive.
The cat is actually instructing him on how to pray to her properly
Is your boyfriend Fred? From the mystery machine?
So he's a cat chiropractor... Nice
I used to stretch my cat like this too. When you lift the arms above the head, the shoulders vibrate a bit, and if you lengthen out the legs, the thighs shake a little bit.  Only works on relaxed cats.
Happy cake day!
Oh how I wish I could be so grossly incandescent
u/videosaver
is that it
I tried doing this with my cat 
She was confused but also stuck close to me ... will keep trying
Praise the sun
This is too damn precious!
I'm going to try that right now.
My cat is evil. He pulls the curtains open
Seems like your boyfriend could make a good living as a catropractor.
I've never seen a viking Fred before.
That’s cute.  Little buddy
*chgkkk*
I wish someone would stretch me like that
That looks very satisfying for the cat
Hey! Isn't your boyfriend supposed to be out solving mysteries with a gang and a dog?
Saved
I am not a cat person but DAMN that is cute!
too cute
Is he wearing an ascot?
My kid does this with our cat! Its the sweetest thing ever!
Oh cat god, hear the words of my mouth!

Repeated three times.
My cat waits to tell me she's shit under my bed and vomited in the sink. You're lucky
Happy cake day!
That stretch looks oh so satisfying. Can your boyfriend come over here next?
Adorable
I could use one of those. 😀
"Hey, everyone, look at this trick I taught this human to do!"
Praise the sun
That is some kitty chiropractic care
Cuteness overload right here 🧡🧡🧡
He's giving that shirt a stretch too!
That is too adorbs
I could do with a stretch like that
Sooo cute!
I am infinite. I am eternal.
Father in law use to do this to my wife’s cat. It resulted in a hernia according to the vet. Just an fyi.
Lololol awesome. It’s stuff like this that makes a pet so memorable.
so good and squishy!
I did the same with my last cat and have trained my new kitten to do the same. Wife thought it was so weird that I trained them to do it but admits it is super cute.
And I said REACH, FOR THE SKYYY!
Praise the Sun!
I wish my asshole cat would actually let me do this stuff.
MacMurray?
Man bun lol
Directions unclear; tried this with my cat and now in hospital.
Cat.
Praise the sun
Praise the sun.
My god that’s adorable!
"Every time your boyfriend comes home"...


Sounds nice to have that someone, especially around these 2020 holidays...hold on to that 👍
Damn 756 awards. Stretch kitty, STRETCH.
Smart kitty cat!
Ah yeah I do this with my cat, if I knew I'd get this much karma idve posted it 😂
Is that Fred from Scooby Doo?
Oh my gosh, it’s just a stretch?!?! My cat puts her paws out toward me and this whole time I’ve been so proud/happy I have a cat who knows how to initiate a hug.....

I really overestimated how much she loves me
Give me this cat.
He’s got the Brendan schuab hairstyle
He is a good man
Praise the Sun!
This is a strange cult.
She’s like, wonder why he never hugs me?
Praise the sun, Bröther.
How cute!
I do this with my cat too! He LOVES it and really leans into it, it’s so cute
Praise the sun!
PRAISE THE SUN!
Praise the sun! \[t]/
My boy just head butts me aggressively and digs his  claws into my thigh if I walk by without giving him pets. This is far cuter.
Praise the sun
Happy cakeday
I'm guessing that's not the only feline he's stretching in the house...
I can't be the only one who said "ohhhh my goodness" when the cat stretched.
\\[T]/
u/vredditshare
Happy cake day
“Lift me like in Dirty Dancing!”
French in WW2
Yoga kitty!
That is too great.
All hail boyfriend
Is your BF a chirocactor?
Are you sure it’s not cat sign language for hallelujah?
Cat.
Your boyfriend is a hipster Fred from Scooby-Doo
your boyfriend has a man bun :S
If only I could be so grossly incandescent.
My kitty does the same thing. This is soooo adorable 😍😍😍
A lot of cats like a good stretching.  I'm surprised more people don't know about it.
Praise the sun!
i’m gonna start doing that with my mewie
*PRAISE THE SUN!*
"Hail the hooman - bringer of treats and toyz!"  =\^..\^=
Awwwww
10.0
Does this hurt the cat?
I wonder how far back you can bend your cat
“Yaaaaaaaaaaaaaas”
Like cat yoga.
This sounded like a sex thing
Happy cake day
All that magnificent little bastard wants is a stretch.
Just tried to stretch my cat. He wouldn’t cooperate. What is this magic??
My kitty and boyfriend do this too! He lifts him completely off the ground so his little back toe beans can stretch it’s so cute
Congrats, you have become the side chick
#Superstar!
Ah, the yoga master arrives!
One of the best cat reddit posts I've ever seen \o/
"Praise the sun"
Wholesome
She just praising the lord
Relatable.
And people say cats aren't lovable
Praise the sun!!! \[T]/
Biiiiiig stretchies
BIIIIIIIG STRETCHY
Happy cake day!
This was sweeter and sweeter the further in you got. The patient waiting, the biiiiiig stretch, the voluntary back bend. The happy aftermath.  Your boyfriend clearly knows how to cat.
Praise the human!
Happy cake day
That coloring is so pretty! Tortie + tuxedo
That is quite literally the best thing I have seen all day. And my day has been shit.
she is wearing a v-neck sweater
Felt like he is some chiropractor for cats
Ha!  That feels great just looking at it!  One lucky feline!
praise your god!
WTF, I also have a stretchy cat!
I enjoy this, my favorite cat move is measuring them. One hand under front legs one hand under back then stretching them out parallel to you with arms extended. Unless completely farell I've never met a cat who doesn't enjoy being measured
Love
Omg my cat does this exact thing! I thought she was the only one!
She has ginger pits!
I do this to my cat too! hahaha They love this
I’m stressed at work, watching this made me do a stretch as well and felt my bones pop with such relief! Thanks!
Is your boyfriend a chiropractor or PT?
What a chill cat.
The stance , the grace! We need to protect Daisy
Damn, Fred got jacked
God stretching me every morning
Praise the sun
Awe
that's not a stretch, she's praising Ramses, god of cats.
So cute ☺️❤
My dog does this with me, but goes for the long ground stretch and wants me to rub his under forelegs and belly/chest to increase the stretch and massage. Lol every time he gets up from a nap and I there or when I come home from work. <3
This guy owns a lot of white shirts
😻😻😻😻😻
That is just so sweet!
Praise the sun!
Cat yoga!
\\[T]/
That’s hysterical.
Hahahahahaha
You've gotten into a relationship with a cat chiropractor... hes gunna make 200$ a stretch. Lock him down girl.
Your boyfriend really love white t-shirt right?
Adorable.
My cat’s  name is Daisy too 😁
That is fucking adorable
u/HisLittleOne0717
"Praise the sun with me father!"
That's so fucking cute, made my day
The orange armpit is such a cute surprise
My cat runs up to me and does this every night before i carry her to my room for bedtime. she also does it when i go out or if she hasn't had attention for a while :D
Your boyfriend is now Daisy's chiropractor.
OMG too cute! hugs!! xoxo what a cutie!
So cute, and I love the kitty's unique coloring!
SERENITY NOW
My cat, Mr. Biscuits likes his tail pulled aggressively and prefers an audience when he licks his butthole, especially with eye contact.
He’s a big boy and the cat is very cute.
*Praise the sun intensifies*
That's so cute. Was it something she's picked up when he came around or did you guys get him together?
Fred Jones looking different these days
2 cute 4 words.
Can I get a stretch?
i just stretched
put a ;) in place with the :) and the whole thing goes from 0 to 100 real fxcking quick.
Praise the sun! \[T]/
I accidentally watched it like 3-4 times and didn’t realize it looped, I enjoyed those stretches
PRAISE THE SUN
Praise the sun!
When my cat does this I always say excitedly “Superman!”
u/savevideo
Your boyfriend kinda looks like Fred from Scooby Doo
Daisy is a thief.
I do this with my cat Max, but I flip him around the other way and lean back myself so we stretch together.
PRAISE THE SUN!!!
My little rescue boy does the same thing! Except he will whine unless I lift him up above me head
“PURRAISE THE SUN....... PURRAAAAISEE.”
He's her yoga instructor
✨Ty for the serotonin boost✨
I think that’s Fred, fresh from the mystery machine
 Never knew I needed this til I watched this
;; omg how frickin sweet is thatttt
Congratulations. Your boyfriend is now a qualified catropractor.
He’s pushing up Daisy.
Cats are awesome
Cats invented yoga.
Daisy’s Chiropractor
If yall break up i swear i'm quitting talking
u/savevideo
That's wholesome
My cat licks noses in the morning
Me too please! I want some stretches.
I can’t stop playing this over and over again
I could watch this for hours.
Such a sweet baby!
seems like we all name our tortoise-shell cats Daisy 😅
Why did I watch this for like 5 mins straight
u/savevideo
Thats a big stretch
Happy cake day!
I think this cured a portion of my depression
I dunno if she’s waiting for that so much as he just keeps doing it
Praise the sun !
So cute !!!!! Happy stretchy kitty. Going to read comments but wondering how this little kitty started this cute bonding stretch!!
My cat loves the stretch too! He even gives a little mmmf noise when he's stretching.
Happy cake day!
Do you mean daiiiiiiiiiiiiiiisy
Maybe she just doesn’t want a hug.
That little v neck she's rocking is melting my heart! So cute!
My cat likes to headrub against my toes.
Maximum Precious
Yoga cat
Kitty chiropractics
