A worthy throne for a princess
The fact that you have the head of your bed against a window without a head board tells me that you fear nothing. And should be feared.
Be careful the sun charges them up and their energy is released at 3 AM
Perfect spot for a kitty!
Lovely room and lovely kitty.
Paws extended for maximum warming surface area exposure
That is a very good spot!
Omg kitty heaven
Snug as a bug in a rug
“Alright fine we can stay”
Comfy? Check.

Warm sun? Check.

Owner's scent that they'll never admit to anyone ever that they actually like? Check.
new place has some loud floorboards
Are you on the first or second floor? Either way having my back to a window would make me incredibly uncomfortable
Getting toasty in the sun.
Check out this new sub I made inspired by my cat. r/pawpile!
/r/toomanypillows
My pillows are the one thing I won't let my cats lay/walk on. I love them but I don't really want fur in my face when sleeping and even if litter dust likely rubbed off by then I still get a icky feeling with putting my face where their paws/ass were.
❤️
Beautiful!!!

Mines does the same thing on same spot ahahah
I have to admit, that would be my favorite spot, too!
Wow - chill vibes. Can we get a 10 hour version set to low-fi music?
Awww yissss, direct sunshine, fluffy pillows, and a window to gaze out of? Kitty heaven right there
This belongs in /r/cozyplaces. 

Also I love the afghan. Did you make it?
is that an extra bed just for pillow storage?
Sweet! So is the blanket. Can I ask where you got it?
My cat has at least 6 fave spots.  I know of 5 of them, but there’s at least one more...sometimes I cannot find him anywhere in this 1200 sq ft house...that’s the secret 6th.  Part of me thinks he’s found a portal and actively uses it to go *somewhere*
I love how she closes her eyes only as you approach. 

Like nope, im pretend sleeping.
Ahh yes, so at bed time the little cat hairs will fly right up your nose.
Put a sheet over your pillows or suffer from dander and fecal matter!
I just imagine the cat using the litter box, then putting their feet all over your pillow. Then you putting your face all over that pillow.
*Purrrrfect*
You have too many pillows
I'm currently looking after a cat, he's got from being in 2 rooms in a share house with the owner to my place which is a 3 bedroom townhouse. I open the blinds and balcony door in the morning and he'll spend most of his day there. There's also a spare bed next to a window he sits on and looks out at what's going on, and one of those cat climb things he sits on at the back door and watches the birds. I also have grey-headed flying foxes in the trees outside, so night time he's losing his shit with all the noises.
Pillows *and a window* ?






Shiiiiiiit
You sleep with your head next to the window?
What a cozy bedroom
This cat is never moving while the sun is out, haha
This bedroom is sp damn beautiful and cozy
excellent r/airplaneears
That’s a great fucking spot
How is your house so tidy.
Thats about as happy as a cat can be.
I love this. I recently lost my 18 year old grey tabby and this makes me think about my favorite phenomenon with her. We moved three apartments with her and each time she would take weeks to get adjusted and seem legitimately stressed. The last time wasn’t so bad because she liked the stairs but still a multi week period. Then we moved into a rent house for a year and she only took a week and we joked that she was thinking huh moving on up I’ll stick with these humans. We bought a first house just over two years ago and she made her self right at home within a day or two. I got her when she was 11 or 12 years old and wasn’t expecting her so I was really worried about her not enjoying her golden years and things like this just made my day and feel good about our relationship and her well-being.
The cat is adorable but sleeping with your head against a window?  You monsters
This is why i dont have animals. Id just jump into my bed to get ripped into pieces by a flat cat
When I'm reincarnated, I want to come back as a house cat with this kind of daytime resting spot.
She saw you and played pretend sleep
Cats and sunbeams, always a thing.  What a cutie.
Always follow the cat if you’re looking for the sun.  Congrats on new home, and please stay safe.  Happy New Year.
You have too many pillows
Ooh, another pillow.
Corporate pillow shill! DOWN WITH BIG PILLOW!!! WE CAN EXIST WITHOUT 20 PILLOWS ON OUR BED!!! STOP THE PILLOW OPPRESSION!!!!!
Oh gosh she look so happy
Very sweet kitty!
Not gonna lie, if I was a cat that would be the ideal spot
PURRFECT!!!!
I need a chest like that. Where do i get one?
My sofa sits in direct sunlight in the afternoon, and every time I’ve say there at around 3pm on a sunny day I’ve fallen asleep like there’s a magic spell on me
Our cat’s favorite new spot changes weekly
Just saw a dude putting a screw in his pp hole. Thank god this sub exists
It’s muted and I can can just hear her purring
That’s one warm, comfy, and happy kitty!!
That's a good spot.
Awwwww she’s so happy and contented
That would be my favorite spot too!
/u/savevideo
Looks likencat heaven
Im jealous of your bed making skills!!!
The resemblance to my cat is uncanny. I thought you stole my cat at first!
Pure bliss! Kitty dreams.
A majestic napping floof. 

On a side note, your trunk looks very similar to one I stripped ugly pea green paint off of last summer. Sears Roebuck, right?
I lost my cat in a very similar manner this summer.
Cats are the world's most ancient solar devices. With built-in recharge station finders.
Interesting place to position your bed. How do you avoid slamming your head into the window when you’re half asleep?
This makes me so happy
Looks cozy to me!
Okay, be honest. How well was the bed made before this was recorded?
Knew it was a cat before finally. They have a way of finding the best places anywhere
That....is a wonderful kitty perch.
Well, damn, that’d be my favorite spot too. Smart cat.
She looks like my cat that my sister named “northern star” or “northy” R.I.P you beautiful sweet soul
I’m just impressed you made your bed, very adult of you
Sunbeams + soft + great view + home = happiness
Looks like a good spot!
I'm legit jealous of that spot.
What a happy cute kitty
Cats are absolutely incredible at looking like the most comfortable animals on earth.
Awwwwwwww 🥰
so smoooooshy😍
My cat looks like that
Nice of the kitty to offer you space in her full bed, she’s only in need of the pillow location with all the sunshine
I wish i was that kitty.
Sunshine for the princess
That’d be my favourite spot too
How many pillows end up on the ground after a good nights sleep?
Going to be doing that this coming year and I cannot wait to see my kitty in the new house!!! This tiny condo we have now never gets any sun, so I can’t wait to get a house!!!
Do people actually make their beds like that every day?

That bed is like "HGTV Magazine cover photo" perfectly made.

Are......are you supposed to do that every day?

Your not supposed to just get out of bed and leave it in whatever state it's in til you return to bed?
I want that spot!!!
That’s a really good spot.
Mmm that's a nice spot, now make a cave for her using pillows and blankets with the mouth of the cave facing the window.
The cats always have the best spots in the house 😉
Nice. Pink eye.
I live on a farm with my girlfriend.  I love the space I love being away from it all but I swear to god the fucking cats.  4 live in house and they’re always on the bed, pillows fucking everywhere.  I can seldom eat a meal without cat hair in it.  All my clothes are covered I’ve never done so much laundry.

Like we try not to let them on the furniture but they’re always on the kitchen table, couches and above mentioned bed.

I’m sorry but I hate cats now, just fuck off I’m going to die of a hairball I might as well smoke a pack a day.
Thats the first time ive seen someone put their bed up against a window
That’s a good spot!
It does look very comfortable!
That's prime catting
Great spot you found. Move over!
Looks like an Egyptian building
Cats love pillows and soft blankets :)
Great until someone decides to plop down on the bed getting the clawed hairstyle
okay, but where did you get those green (corduroy?) pillows... i love them
Hey, that’s my favourite spot.
Warmies.
Now it's my favorite spot.
Oh yeeeeah that's a good spot.
The sun feels good in the morning
Oh yeah that’s a perfect spot!
Ah! She looks so much like my childhood cat. 💙
that's a good spot!
That is a good spot
Cats always find the warmest comfiest spots
cat
Looks just like my Dorian ☺️
There’s something so undeniably lovely about this
She looks like my stitch kitty. I love it when our pets have a spot. It reminds me of Sheldon having a spot like in the Big Bang theory. Lol. My cat trips out of your in his spot.
This is one of the few clips that actually made me smile IRL
Awww I love it!  The sun. It makes me so sleeeeepy
sunrise or sunset?
What a luxurious spot.
Sun, pillows, and a window? Cat heaven.
Smells like mom, feels like warm. Ooooooya
Awwww, happy sunbeam cat! Congratulations on the new home, wishing you happiness and joy!
Kitty! Doesn't wear a watch, knows what time it is.
What a terrific spot. This, my friend, is a cat of culture.
Excellent spot, I must say!!
Oh thats cozy! Sun, a window and a pillow- living her dream!
Can’t say I blame her. That is some prime real estate in cat land.
That’s a great fucking spot
She is the main character.
Best Tiger snooze ever!!!!
That blanket chest at the end of your bed is beautiful!
That is a happy pancake.
Perfection
Right on da piddows
Holy shit that cat looks exactly like my girlfriend's good boy
Good choice
Purrrrrrfect spot
Oooh she looks warm in the sunlight. She chose a good spot.
Awww.  All is well now.
When the cat eyes closed when the person got closer. Reminds me when my mom use to check up on me every night to see if I’m sleeping and i try not to open my eyes because sometimes my mom is still there looking at me waiting for my eyes to open lol
Right in the sun.
/u/vredditshare
awwwwwwwwwwww
I'm gonna be honest, I'm a little envious of your cat right now. That is the face of pure tranquility.
Silly hooman, it's not "our house" anymore. You're just guests.
Am I the only one who thought everything was super tiny until the cat showed up? Like dollhouse size. Lol
There seems to be really intense sunlight from that direction. Maybe you could install some kind of shade in the upper half of the window so her eyes don't get directly exposed.
As someone who does both woodworking and crochet as hobbies...I am in love with this room.
yaaas the sun spot
why are cats so perfect 😩😍
Looks so cozy. ❤️
Can someone explain the need for 7 pillows?
Helped to cheer us up after all the bad news about the virus. Thank you so much.
Cats love sitting in the sun!
She looks just like my beloved kitty trigger who passed on some years ago she’s even got the same peachy cheekies that he had
Nice
Cats find the best places.
Awwww
She looks like one of my cats kittens that we had to give away
Aww this is too adorable and looks so comfy!! ☺️
Reddit making me wanna get a cat
She looks so calm & comfy ♥️🤗
u/vredditshare
You’re first home has squeaky floors.
Quick question, how do you sleep with pillows taking up most of the bed? Like do you move them before bed and remake it in the morning or just lie among the pillows or what?
Sun? Check!
Soft pillows? Check!
Ultimate relaxation achieved!
Why so many pillows? What do you do with them at night? Pick them all back up and stack them in the morning?
Those kitties have a back for finding the sun in the winter.
Man I need to grow into adulthood more. I see all those pillows and only question their existence.
r/catsinthesun
Your bed is so nice. I am not one to make my bed in the morning, just pillows and covers thrown around. You make me want to make my bed.
She looks exactly like my cat Alexa oml
Your house sounds broken. Those are the noisiest floorboards Ive ever heard.
Head of the bed in front of the window, with no headboard? For some reason that upsets me.
I kinda want to sleep there too.
Awhhhhh
My kitty lays with her paws out like that too. So cute
Hahaha. I love my kitty, but I draw the line at sleeping on my pillow. Nasty cat, I see you, jumping right from the litterbox to my pillow... gross.
Tbh I think that would be my favourite spot, too.
Cute cat..... but I paused the video to check out the crocheted blanket at the foot of the bed. 

Whoever made it did a great job!
Oh that's such a good spot.
Place a few shims in-between your floor boards and joists.
Damn cats are cute but im allergic to them just found out about that tonight actually
uh oh, my wife would not allow this. window above a bed is not feng shui yo
Holy shit that’s a good spot.
She looks a lot like my [brother's cat!](https://imgur.com/a/aVHC1RZ)
Just...so....many.....pillows whutt
That’s a good spot... I’m jealous.
You guys having the same scratcher we do! The half circle one with carpet on one side and sisal on the other.
I want to be that cat
Jesus that's a lot of pillows.
That looks so damn comfy I'd crawl up there with her.
If i were a cat that would be my favourite spot too.
Comfy cozy and sunny, a great place for a cat nap!
Aawwww!! I just moved into my own place and adopted my first kitten this week! I can't wait until she finds her new favorite spot :D
That's adorable but I could never sleep with my head to a window no matter what floor I'm on.
You are about to have hella sore throats sleeping under that window.
Cats are masters of finding the warmest, most comfortable spot to lay down and sleep.
Sentient pearwood?
The Queen's perch.
She picked a great spot!
That blanket chest is gorgeous!
Does anyone else's cat find a new favorite spot weekly?
What a beautiful spot for a cat! I just said goodbye to my Fergie this morning. She took her last breath at 5:25 am at home. She was my shadow. She was 14. I am broken.
She’s totally thought this out, too—you can’t really see her from the hallway because the front pillows add cover. Fantastic sunny hide away
Gotta say, that is a great spot
I'm glad to know most animals are comfortable like this like my own!
I love this for her
Holy 7 pillows. Cute cat too
So cute 😍
Not gonna lie, I thought I was gonna see you open the chest in front of the bed to reveal a pet. 

But the cat enjoying the sun is much better.
What's up with all dem pillows??
Soft comfy spot, a view, and the sun shining on you - yeah that's a dream spot for a cat.
Thank threaded or quilted blanket on top.... I need it. Where did you purchase it. Not the Afghan ( I also appreciate that too but have one)
So your a weird pillow house, eh? Cute cat tho
I always say “solar cat is charging” to my kitty. I’m apparently very unoriginal.
On one hand, that is adorable. On the other, I am itchy just thinking of all the cat hair on your pillows now....
I don’t know who knitted or crocheted that blanket folded at the end of the bed, but I did a double-take because I crocheted one with the exact same yarns in an incredibly similar stripe pattern. So weird.
Dassa happy kitters☺️
Wait isnt that where Michael sleeps?
Good for a cat, not for my head. I’d be worried out by people looking at the back of my head.
You disgust me with how clean your house is.
Aww! Kitty!!
If it were me, I would be afraid to crush her lol - she was totally hidden
If I were fun sized I’d be there too
Shit if I was a cat this would be my favorite spot too
Looks exactly like my cat! 🥰
Top sign you have a girlfriend: 15 cushions on the bed
Heaven!!
She looks like my little boy, hunter 🥺
I just bought a house, will be closing sometime in February. I'd be lying if I said I didn't point out spots while seeing the house that my cat would enjoy when he finally switches over.
Oh man, that’s a good spot!
nice
Yus.
Best kitty cave EVER.
lovely looking house
Looks like pure bliss
u/savevideo
relaxo af
Purrfect!
10/10 would nap
Just in case you wanted to and were not aware, a lot of times you can run a screw or two down into the carpet where it squeaks like that and if you catch the right spot you can stop the squeak or at least limit it drastically.
That’s a well made bed
She deserves her own special pillow there (which has the secret added benefit of taking the bulk of the cat hair with it when you use it your pillow).
Praise the sun
Love the cat enjoying the sun but I can’t comprehend the head of the bed at a window!

Sunlight in the morning? Drafts in winter? Weird breezes? Street noises?
I wouldn’t sleep a wink.
Your a brave man head beside the window, never sleeping late, cold draft in the winter and you'll hear every noise at night
 Very cute kitten though
My dad always said that if you want the best seat in the house you have to move the cat.
The cutest little heat leech.
So sweet
Why do cats look so dang comfy?!
My allergies can feel this.  I love my kitties but they are banned from sleeping on my bed pillows.

Of course they still try.
Ever see that progressive commercial about the throw pillows?
i call mine "solarkatze" ("solar cat") when she does that
I find it so amazing now after being an insomniac adult that cats will so easily sleep full face into the sun.
So precious!
How the fuck can you sleep with those pillows
And who can blame her! Comfy AF!
Try to do future you a favor and throw a blanket in there for them to sleep on. If it’s become their “spot”, then you’ll undoubtedly have hair build up after a while. Occasionally throwing a blanket in the washing machine will be far easier than vacuuming hair out of all of those crevices. This little trick has been VERY helpful in keeping cat hair in check in all of my furry dude’s favorite spots.
See if you can put a UVA filter on the window. Don’t want the kitty getting skin cancer.
My neighbors cat is always on their windowsill soaking in the rays. Must be the life.
Do not disturb!
Nice trunk
Yo why is this such a cozy vibe
Looks so comfortable and at peace :)
My wife's 20 year old cat Squeak was put down today and looks just like this. Beautiful.
Hekkin good spot
I mean, that IS a perfect spot.
Yeah I had an audible reaction to this (see title of sub) for the first time on Reddit.
I just learned to crochet so I'm obsessed with the beautiful blankie!
Warm, comfy, and hidden.
My girl likes to sleep above my head, too! Unfortunately, she is white and my pillow cases are navy...
God I wish I was a cat.
Where do you leave all those pillows when you go to bed? 

Why do you need so many pillows?

Do you have many people entering your bedroom who you wish to impress?

I demand answers.
It’s a good one!
Bold of you to sleep with your head against a window.
Excellent choice!
How come cats always find the cosiest spot in the house?
So many pillows
I miss having natural light in my living space. When I was last looking for apartments, the thought never crossed my mind. I'm in a north-facing apartment with a south-facing one attached. They get most of the good light; I only get a tiny bit upstairs through one window for a few hours in the morning. I put the cat's tower there so she can take advantage of it, but it's not enough for either of us.
Lazy cat
Sunin'!!
I. Want. A. Cat.
Sooo cute 🥰
Damn that would be my spot too..looks so cozy+
That chest at end of bed is sexy. I wanna store some linens in there mmmm
thats a top notch spot for a cat. they love to sleep on their humans pillow because of the scent, it can take a sunbath and watch whats going on outside all at the same time.
Obviously! To be a cat...
Congrats on the home! I don’t blame your cat for liking that spot, it seems nice.
I can’t wait to one day have a real south facing window
OP / anyone else know where the chest at the end or the bed is from? Or where I could get something similar?
ohmygaaaaaaaa cuuuuuuute
Did anybody else notice the tiny peek the cat did to confirm owner, then shut eyes back firmly? So much trust here, great job OP!
beautiful
Another bonus to that room is that nobody will ever be able to sneak up on you because that creak is a loud one!
Oh man, what’s not to like about that spot!
Oh yea, kitty approved.
Where did you get that chest at the foot of your bed? I currently have one that’s falling apart. Looking for a new one.
what a sweet baby!! cats basking in warm sunlight is such pure love
So important ♡
It’s a good spot.
just proves how smart cats are, cause thats a damn good spot
I could never sleep with my head up to an outside window like that
is that a trans pride flag or am I just colorblind
I was about to say I couldn't imagine having my bed facing a window like that then remembering that I actually did for the longest time. I guess just having the blinds open squigs me out I guess.
Sleeping with your head under a window will guarantee a constant stream of cold air falling on you at night. Feels like Chinese water torture the times I've felt it, you can't take your mind off it.
I wanna pet dat kitteyh
That is perhaps the most comfy looking kitty I've seen in a really long time.
So perfect
The cat's cute and all, but that blanket chest is incredible!
That cat is cute and all, but that is a gorgeous blanket. That stitch tension is near perfection.
I can taste the cat hair from here.
Oh, heaven 🥰
u/trashandstuff20
I dream of that kind of peace
That’s one comfy spot
So cute
❤️
It's all about the sunbeams!!
I love animals. Cats, dogs, birds, fish...you name it. 

What I can’t stand is dog/cat hair WHERE I SLEEP. There’s nothing worse than waking up in the middle of the night with fur scratching your eyes and stuck in your mouth. 

Gross
My heart melted
how does one acquire so many pillows?
Did you get that hutch from pottery barn?
You stole my cat! Totally my Zoey!
Would be my favorite spot too.
That's my favorite spot in your house too
u/savevideo
Adorable!
I love your cat! 😻
Wow she looks just like my roommates cat! Except she is probably not a c*nt ❤️
Not on-topic, but I love the gray blanket.
Oh my GOODNESS 😍
Thanks for sharing! Adorable cat! Your squeaky floorboards made me chuckle. You weren’t sneaking up on anybody. Lol. I grew up in a house like that and slept right at the window just like that. Fell asleep to the stars. This video is nice. 🙂
That looks so comfy.
I want to be this cat.
Perfect sunshine filled spot.
Nice house
That looks a darn cozy spot for a cat!!
 that’s a good cat spot!
Purrfect spot
To me- that is the exact perfect amount of pillows
Listen, we all know that cats are solar powered.
Anyone else find having the head of your bed against a window kinda creepy?
There's one sunny spot in our house that all 4 our kitties love.
Damn that bed looks comfy af
Heads next to a window? You monsters.
That’s a good spot
Need a new cat
Nothing beats a bed pressed against a window. I too love lounging in the afternoon sun.
Way too many pillows
Best spot ever,  and your pillow placement is perfection!
Pure happiness 💛
What an angel 😇
It’s the kitty and the pea, on top of pile of pillows.
She probably thinks you bought the house for her.
That chest is incredible. DIY or professional?
God I miss my cat.
I think this will happen to my middle man Archer when I move! He's all about the snuggles and naps
What a nice pillow you've got there
Dude that is an excellent spot.
Makes me sleepy 😴
/r/CozyPlaces
They always find one.😻
My heart just exploded. 🥺
This is what I never got to enjoy what I moved. 

My cat came with me but due to mental health issues, I was moved out again in less than 2 weeks. She didn't get the time to settle.
Free Sarah tone in
Smart cookie!
When the key key’s do the Superman, you know they’re home.
You know when they're doing the Superman pose ( paws stretched out in front ) that they're REALLY content 😺
As for the "charging" issue, no I know why that electric blanket was a mistake 🙀😹
Comfy cozy. Nice Cavalier Chest
Cat litter all over your pillow
For a second I thought this was just an image and was like wtf where's the cat
That would be my favorite spot if I was a cat too.
Kitty cat inside the sunshine :)
Awww yiiiisss
That's the coziest looking bed/room I've ever seen in my life
Never put bedroom windows in the middle of the wall. That would have broke the deal for me
That IS the perfect spot!!!!
Kitty shut their eyes like “oh crap they saw me just play it cool.”
I would never be able to sleep with my head that close to a window. Nope.
What’s her name? Very cute
Smart cat.
I love that she closed her eyes whet you got close.
You have creaky floorboards
She looks like she has such a hard life. LOL
That's a great spot. I'd like to lay there with her
Gave me an idea to set up a sun area for my cat at the new place
Kudos for the very tidy bedroom and yay for the happy kitty in the sun!
Ahhh, life is good...
Why stack all those pillows on the bed?  You just have to take them off at night  and put them back in the morning.
That is an amazing spot ! I wish my cat had a spot like that .
I love my cat being happy... But there’s 2 things I despise. Hair on Pillows and Hair on Bath towels!!
Congrats on the house!!! 

That is like the perfect window for a kitty to sunbathe  in front of.
Awwwww happy kiki
sobbing
u/savevideo
Purrfect
I'm buying a house soon, if we can find a good one. Cant wait for the cats to find their spots!!
Living the life
Looks a lot like my cat ghost
Your floor boards need some work or perhaps you need a treadmill
Tis a mighty fine spot
Thats alot of pillows
I'm finally HOME.
Looks like a perfect spot!!!
I will never understand putting more pillows on a bed than you intend to use to sleep.  I think it looks silly, and arranging them every day is a waste.
I see her little poodypaw prints on the bedspread 🐾
That’s a beautiful cat!
So adorable 🥰
Praise the sun!
That's a good spot
This one looks exactly the samé as our Sidney
Is your cat facing to the east
Solar-powered cat
What a perfect place for her!
I’m home
Oh yeah that's the stuff, ahhhh...
Bravo. Great choice. Nice spot.
/Slowclap
Looks comfy
Holy shet platinum award
This looks like a prime spot indeed
That reminds me of when I got my cat a couple of months ago and she was between my pillows I feel so bad😢
Adorable!
I mean...that's a great spot 💁
Looks cozy af
That would be my favourite spot to. DM me when you plan to move out
I’m jealous
That's the biggest cat bed I've ever seen!
I love how her paws are straight out like that ...so cute.
The COMFIEST sun spot 🥺
Shit what I’d give to be a cat
Probably where she will sleep at night too.
I need to take more cat videos obviously.
Do you need a bed with those pillows?
wow that's me
u/savethis
u/savethisvideo
A l l e r g i e s
u/savevideo
Cat getting vitamin d & a nice warm, comfy napping spot.
Allergy hell
Thank you for showing you pretty fur baby in bliss.
You need plants
Is this a guest bed? While the cat loves it, a window in that spot seems super impractical.
Is that the famous “we don’t use this room” pillow spread I’ve seen countless times? Lol
[deleted]
The amount of pillows on your bed is obnoxious
What is up with Reddit and cats? 

Video of a cat sleeping (so *groundbreaking*). Suddenly 17k upvotes
u/janiejones89
[deleted]
Gross, pets off the bed please. Cringes in 3rd world view of animals.
Ohh hell na. My cats little litter feet on my pillow. Not in a million years.
Anyone else feel anxiety about the head of the bed being at the window?
Is this a midget bed or smthn
Urgh, cat on a bed. Hygienic.
