She’s a cutie. Hopefully someone takes her home soon
This is sad, she looks so sweet, and to be alone at such a young age.
Those eyes. They touch ma soul.
Which shelter? Can i take her home?
This breaks my heart. I want to snuggle her and let her know it’s ok.
Hey quick favor can you tell her I love her pls
I wish there was a subreddit for puppy tummies 😍
Which shelter? If local we would love to add her to our family!
Damn, she looks like she could be my dog’s litter mate. https://www.reddit.com/r/WhatsWrongWithYourDog/comments/ixczu0/sound_recommended_the_thunk_sound_really_makes_it/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf
Please give her lots of love and cuddles for us! I hope she gets adopted soon
[deleted]
There's no way she stays long. She's beautiful.
Hello little one. I'm so sorry that you're alone and don't have humans to take care of and snuggle and play with. It does look like you have a little ducky to keep you company and the human who took your video seems pretty amazing. I know they probably won't be your forever human, but I hope they give you a little love. I hope you find your forever humans soon. I know you'll do a good job taking care of them. Until then, don't lose hope. Us internet humans are pulling for you and love you even if we can't be there to give you scratches and snuggles and take you on walkies and give you treats and snuggles.
omg i feel so sad. just a few days back she probably had her best life with all her siblings and parents around. and now she's alone in a shelter :( it breaks my heart
I want her, will be a perfect companion.
Needs to be a subreddit that is called “adopt me” or something and shelters post their city and state and people can adopt them.
another "christmas gift" that shits on the carpet and therefore has to leave? there shall be a fine of 5000 bucks for everybody who buys an animal for christmas and after christmas brings it to the shelter.
Where I want here
She looks exactly like my new puppy [Ziggy!](https://imgur.com/gallery/KW4CeD4) 

That’s uncanny!
I'LL TAKE YOUR ENTIRE STOCK
Doggo like “Oh, bother”.
I bet she gets adopted quickly. Looks like a very sweet girl.
Oh my goodness the BRINDLE.

What state is this, I'm tempted.
Which shelter? She looks like she could have been my childhood puppy’s sister!
The sad looking ones are the best for adopting because they will love twice as more
My heart just broke.

No, really. I had a phyiscal pain in my chest seeing this :(...
this reminds me of my little Smokey that passed away in 2018. RIP Smokey :(
Someone give her the best life in the world pronto.
Where is that shelter? If its 200 miles or closer to me I will drive out there and adopt her today.
Poor baby she's terrified.
Poor little thing.  Puppies should be playful and full of joy.  She looks like she has had the weight of the world on her shoulders in the few months she's been alive.  I wish I could take her home.
r/PetTheDamnDogMore
Things are broken.
Dogs shouldn't need to be rescued.
The supply of pets needs to be restricted based on prospective owner merit:  Raise the bar for ownership at the ACQUISITION phase. So many dogs are doomed when they go home with the wrong person.
Seeing how the OP has yet to provide a shelter name I am guessing this is stolen content.
Love the brindle coat!
I can't take this......  my heart is breaking right now.
if she hasn't already been adopted there is no way in hell she goes more then 1 day without someone adopting her. im not a dog man and even i wanna adopt her
Her big head is adorable!
Awww
Where???
Somebody go get this pupper
I want to get a sweater with a big kangaroo pocket and carry her around!:(
No way i could work at one of these shelters. My heart would be warmed the entire time. My house would be full with dogs.
People have to stop with the "Look at this cute puppy at an undisclosed location that you will never know".

We need "Look at this cute puppy at the Good Guy Shelter at 567 Odd St in Random Town USA".
I’m a bit skittish when it comes to dogs, but I knew when we got a house that we needed to get one to make use of the big backyard. 

I wanted to get a puppy so I could get used to it getting bigger. Well, puppies are easy to come by in shelters. So the day we went, there were none there. I said I would go look at some other dogs anyway. 

The first pen we get to had a bunch of medium sized boy dogs all coming up and barking at the fence. Way in the back, though, was a scared looking pup who didn’t want to come greet us. I knew I wanted to meet her. 

We got the caretakers to let her out. We walked her on a leash, played with her a bit, and pet her, all while she was still terrified. But she had our hearts and I knew I had to have her. 

Fast forward a few years and now she is not at all shy at home! She’ll still be a little nervous in front of strangers, but she got out of her shell real quick. But I love her so much anyway!
jesus I could never work at a shelter, I'd be crying the entire time
Where is she located? I'm very interested and have been looking for a pup for a while.
I worked in a shelter for a few months in winter 2019, and after 3 days of working there, a shy dog was assigned to me. I took him home, fed him good, and spent over an hour laying down in front of the fire, no sound but the tv on low volume, the dog curled in front of me on the carpet, and just softly stroked him without saying a word. Within a week he was as sociable and happy as any other dog there. Ended up being adopted a month later, broke both of our hearts when he had to leave, but i know the family and he gets treated like a king now.
Post the shelter name and location!!!! Why would you not???
Be sure to tell her she's also heckin cute. I hope she finds a good home as well.
Aw that poor baby looks scared! Hope she finds a home asap
She’s such a cutie pie. May she get the beautiful and happy life she deserves.
What shelter???
There’s something about a puppy who seems confused by a toy that breaks my heart! I hope she starts to feel safe enough to play!
This pup looks downright heartbroken.
Can I have her? 😢
Adopt don’t shop people please!
Not to sound dramatic but I would die for her
Puppies are usually adopted quickly. At shelters, it's usually the older/infirm dogs that stay a long time. Let this video be an incentive for you to adopt or donate to your local shelter! All of the animals there deserve love and a home
Name the shelter please
Is there a subreddit to help doggies get adopted?  

If not we need to make one.
There's no way I could volunteer at an animal shelter, I would end up taking every animal home 😂
She looks like she just lost her best friend. 😢
If I learned anything from the Dodo, she is going to blossom and be very happy someday!
Looks like she’s seen some shit. Sending her love and cuddles
She looks emotionally broken, so heartbreaking. I trust she will find a loving family and hopefully never feel like that again.
Shes too damn precious, I really like her colors and ears and eyes! I really hope someone takes her in soon
Oh my god she's so fucking cute
SOMEBODY ADOPT HER. NOW. 😭
Anyone that's sad about the body language of this nice girl should hear about my money mini schnauzer that was exactly like this, until 3 years later, when he now is the most spoiled, verbal, handzy little shit that ever lived. [here he is like give me shit dude ](https://i.imgur.com/0jTG8IX.jpg)
See this makes me hella sad. Like you know for a fact she was a Christmas gift and someone couldn’t take care of her so she got dropped her off there. Makes me absolutely sick.
I want her. She has a beautiful coat and looks so sad
I want her in my house immediately. Thank you.
How do you not go home with every single one of those lovelies?  Thank you for taking such wonderful care of scared/lost souls.
Which shelter.
Need
Put me on the list of taking this one home!
Poor baby! She needs to be held and cuddled until she finds her forever family
Yeah she’d be coming home with me
Awwww shes so precious
ADOPT ADOPT ADOPT
*hurk*
My girl is the grown-up version of this puppy. 10/10 goodest girl confirmed!
Looks like a little baby and an old man all wrapped into one. 12/10 would adopt.
Where can I pick her up?
Omg where is this? My goodest girl passed away several months ago (at 15yo) and I miss her dearly, but would love to open my home and heart to another good girl!
My Samson had that same look when I brought him home at 8 weeks. (A friend’s dog got pregnant by accisent 🙄 we got him fixed as soon as those testicles dropped, even his brother who the friend had decided to keep)
All of the feels. 😭
little baby booboo needs a kiss every 10 seconds until those eyes light up.
Can you share which shelter this is? People seem to be interested and providing a good home for this little pup
I would like to adopt that sweet girl. Where are you located??
Breaks my heart.😥
She's going to be adopted within the hour!! Look at her!!! 🥰
She looks like the 🥺 emoji
Sweet little angel! Hope she goes to someone with lots of love and snuggles to give.
Jeezy Pete ='/
Those. Eyes. 

🥺🥺🥺

❤️❤️❤️❤️
RIP DM's
Oh my gawddd
I just wanna love her and snuggle and cuddle and make all the bad things go away! She’s so beautiful!
We all need a lm update, and for it to be joyous.
Omg, the first person who sees her is taking her home.
Someone adopt her godammit!
I'll fucking take her
I love her <3 I hope she'll get adopted soon
Gimme!!!!
My husband and I just bought a house and are looking to adopt! are u near Connecticut?
Check the shelters in Wayne County Michigan for this dog.
Where?
Where is she located? I can check with my family and friends. Unfortunately our pup is too young for us to be able to handle another puppy right now 😢
Can I adopt her right now
I’ll take her OP!
Where are you located at?
I want to adopt this sweet baby 🥺
And of course OP doesn't say where he/she volunteers at....
What state
What a beautiful little baby! Oh I wish I could adopt her. 🥺
I'll adopt her now. Message me now!
Reddit get an adoption thread!
Make sure she gets a good home with a loving family please!
Somebody adopt her right now!
Please share a video of her playing. I'm sure she's just shy on the first day, kind of sad :(
Awww, I want to adopt her
If a dog appears nervous it’s better to pet them from either under their face or their shoulders/back. Approaching from over them can make them feel cornered or threatened. 

This puppy doesn’t seem *too* anxious for it to be an issue, but just a thought
Where is this?
Ahhw sweetie
Shes got a little chubby belly and I just want to keep her safe and take her home
Omg this breaks my heart so much. I wanna give her so much love
Just arrived? Someone abandoned her ? 💔
She's beautiful
I'm more of a cat person, but oh I want to give that puppy LOVE.
I need to know that she ends up in a good home.
Where?
She’s such a cutie, I’d adopt her in a heart beat if I didn’t live in a semi.
🥺 is getting a job at a shelter hard? i know it’s really sad sometimes but i would really love to work at one...
Omg I want!
I Want this puppy ❤️❤️
🥺
This is exactly how the shelter winner looks like. I wouldn't hesitate a single fraction of second to take  her home! <3 :)
She looks so sad. I just wanna give her so many cuddles and forehead kisses.
Let us please know if she will be adopted. I can’t stand this 😢
PM me if the shelter is in the northeast US
Adopt her
Anyone working in shelters- you're my hero.
Thanks for showing that cute puppies ARE at shelters. So many wonderful pups arrive at shelters everyday that need homes. #adoptdontshop
She looks just like my baby that I rescued 10 years ago yesterday!❤️
Fear not, everyone! She won't be there long. Puppies are adopted rather quickly.
Aww those sad eyes, hope she finds a wonderful forever home ❤
u/The_Dowager
If this is in Colorado, I will gladly come adopt!
She is as sweet as apple pie! She should be adopted in about 9 minutes..
She looks like she's feeling unwell more than shy.
Her eyes are so melancholy. Take her home and give her snuggles.

I could never work at a shelter. I’d be in tears constantly, and I’d have 500 pets
That poor girl is scared shitless. Please give her tons of love and affection. Poor baby!!!
The look on her faces says it all what she just have been through.. I hope she finds a good home.
Please give the baby hugs and smooches.  She needs them.
She has a beautiful coat, she reminds me of a belgium shepard.
Cmon, get in the car.
She's beautiful. She will be adopted soon enough
She looks very similar to my puppy I adopted about a month ago, not in the fur color, but in the body/facial structure. [Nalah](https://www.reddit.com/r/dogpictures/comments/k7exj2/adopted_this_10_week_old_sweetheart_yesterday/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf). Makes me wanna snatch another one up, so cute!
♥️♥️ She can live with me.
GIMME
i just want to chime in that i'm pretty sure that's a plott hound. they are bear hunting dogs.  if you just have to have her, be prepared.  they're really wonderful.  they probably need someone who will briskly walk/jog with them around 5 miles a day.   also, if you see a bear, as shy as she is, she will pull your shoulder out of socket if she's on a leash, you will go flying and she'll be after the bear - by herself.   they're great protectors.   family and friends are everything to them.  they are strong and powerful.  they will tell people they are unsure of/don't know who come on your property, to the edge of your property, around your children uninvited (in their opinion) that actions have consequences and they mean it. i have personal experience with them.  they're so emotional and wonderful but you need to know what you're getting into
Someone better adopt her right now
Giggles, cutie!!🐾❤🐾❤
Where can I get this pup?
I want her
Where and how much?
I want it! Where is the shelter?!
Which shelter? On my way!
😍
Give me the pupper! I shall call her Daisy!
where is she i will literally take her right now
[Our dog looked just like that as a puppy, this is her now :)](https://i.imgur.com/Snum7iQ.jpg)
If I could, is adopt her!
She looks a lot like my Darla who was rescued from a shelter. All the other pups ran to the front of the cage (they’d get adopted quick), but Darla just stood at the back with her brother Rufus. He was playful and got adopted quick. Darla was shy and I said she was the one for me. She was my everything. I’d fly and adopt this girl in a heartbeat. She’s already a beautiful soul.
I would adopt her... I don’t know why but just looking at her has sucked me in. My dogs will flip but I would do it. The wife wanted a 3rd dog. 

How did this make it to my feed this is gonna just make me look at puppies.
Not easy being separated from your mother.
Oh my god I'd adopt her and baby her to levels she can't possibly imagine. I just got done bathing one of my others and now he's perched up in *his* lazyboy recliner. 

It's my dogs house - I just live here too.
I want her!
Such sweet sad eyes
WHAT AN ABSOLUTE ANGEL!!!!
i want her
Aw, I’ll take her.
I want to snuggle her.  Such a doll.
If I knew this dog was in Dallas I would be on my way to the shelter right now. She's so pretty.
I found it weird that puppies don’t fully understand pets a lot of the time. The old boy will notice a hand and lean into it full bore but a pup just is like ‘thanks you touched me’

I don’t know when they switch over to knowing the hand means happiness. But the current pup will go out like a light still if I get her head scratchies right, just need to keep her from getting distracted long enough to accept them
Yo I got 1K, take my money...
She will be in a new home in no time. What an Angel.
She is beautiful! Someone will give her a good home. It is the others that I worry about.
I will take her right now if shes in the states lmk
Where is she?
Hi id die for her.
Poor pup! She's beautiful and looks scared
I couldn’t volunteer at a shelter, I’d take them all home!! 2 dogs max for my town... Already there unfortunately!
I don't even want to adopt a dog as I'm allergic, but omg I would adopt her on the spot and spend too much money on everything she'd need without even worrying.

I hope you find her a good forever home, OP.
Do you hear Sarah Mclachlan? I’m not crying, your crying...
I love her. She can have my bed.
She's beautiful.
What a lovely pupper! I hope she finds a great home soon.
Sweet little angel will have a home in no time
**ADOMPT**
I’ll be there in 15 minutes!
Oh my god, she needs love.
We have fostered over 30 dogs so far. We work mostly with feral/unsocialized dogs so most are here for prolonged lengths of time. I ugly cry every time one leaves to their new home and I swear my heart can't take it anymore....then....you get those first pictures of that formerly terrified/broken dog in their new home and you can see the happiness and pure love shining through. You realize you didn't "lose" that dog from your home but gained new family members for life. Yes, we have foster failed once..so far!
Aww so precious 💕
i want her.🥲
Where's the shelter I'll take her.
I’m sure by the time this video was posted, some lucky person was already doing the paperwork to get her out of there.
She needs a schnoodle doodle
If I knew we’re she was I would get her
I’ve been meaning to get a female pup for my older dog, he needs the companionship. I wish this shelter was in my city because she’s so goddamn adorable
If you could, could you get a longer video with her, and give her tons of love for me. What an adorable little girl. I would take her if I could, but I hope she finds a great forever home.
Aw, she looks a lot like my late brindle baby.

I love her.
I have a feeling she won’t be there for long
I love her I love her I love her so much! 🧡😻😍😻🧡
this cutie will not be there long! Look at those eyes! nice body color as well.
Awwwww I want one now
If she’s in PA OH or WV pm me lol
sweet baby. looks a little like 2 of mine when they were little. 

&#x200B;

i would guess catahoula/dutch shepherd/Plott hound as possible breeds
She won’t be there long . She’s cute x
Thank you for volunteering to help shelters/rescue animals ❤️
What a cute little pup
Aww she is so cute!!
IMG, so sweet, someone please take her home!
Shes adorable.
I need to squish her!
Awwwwww!  So adorable and sweet!  That face melts my heart !!!  I hope she finds a home immediately!!!  How could someone surrender her????
It might help if we had the info on the shelter (location, etc.)
I will be in shock if she is in there at the end of the day.  


To be honest, I could never work at a shelter, I would have so many pets people think I was crazy.
My word. Hope the wee darling is well looked after
Bless her
The sadness 😞
Adobt her
That looks like my dog did when she was a puppy! She's about four now but still cute.
Wish I could take on another dog right now.
Sweet little thing. She looks heartbroken though. Hope I'm wrong.
What shelter is this?
She's so cute and little. I wouldn't be surprised that she's adopted by the end of the day.
Awwww. Wish I could pet her.
Where do i pick up this must have doggo
I can has?
Oh my god the poor thing 🥺
Sooo cute what breed is she?
What a sweet little angel
My heart opened up.
I'll taker.
She looks so sad, poor thing. I don't think she'll have much time to wait for someone to adopt her. She's adorable.
She’ll photograph beautifully and some family will adopt her immediately!!!
My heart just melted!
She looks so sad, I hope she finds a loving family one day.
Oh my god, pick her up give her some cuddles!!!!!! I'm sure she won't be at the shelter very long!
Omg this looks EXACTLY like our rescue (4ish)! Two, actually, sisters...mostly puggle, we think. SUCH sweethearts and brindle is such a cool look.

What state is this (if in US)?
Awe she looks so sweet and so sad 😞 awe she deserves all the love in the world
Where are you, I’m on my way
This looks just like my girl when she was a pup. I wish I could have another one. I'd adopt this baby in a heartbeat. I'm a sucker for Brindle dogs.
She has such a beautiful coat! I hope she finds that happiness that she deserves 💝
If you'd be willing to adopt this little cutie maybe there's one at your local shelter who you could take home. Please consider visiting your local shelter soon to add some puppy kisses (or kitty cuddles) to your life.
Which shelter
I am sure she will get adopted in no time, look at those eyes calling for help. Such a cutie.
nice
This is the video the ASPCA needs! Straight heart melter.
Oh my god I'm so sad
If this is in MN I'll come get her today.
Congrats on your new puppy op!🥳
Omg what breed is she? She looks beautiful
I want to bring her home so bad
I’m in love with this little soul!
Poor thing. She looks scared 😟
Aw she’s beautiful 😍😍😍😍
Please tell me shes been adopted already. That face💙
U can feel her sadness. 😔
Dibs!! Where do I pick her up?
I love her coat!
I pretty much exclusively foster/rescue blind cats and I spent about 30 seconds wondering why they weren't talking to the dog the whole time 🤦🏼‍♀️ sometimes I forget most animals can see.
Would adopt 10/10. She is special. And looks very hurt and sad.
Michigan? C'mon OP...don't leave us hanging!
She looks so sad...wish I could give her snuggles and tell her what a good girl she is. 😭
This is the look my grey cat gives me when he hears a sketchy noise outside our front door and it is HEARTBREAKING. I spend hours just trying to comfort him sometimes because he's afraid of the world and I can't handle his sweetboi looks.
Lab mixed with something else based on that face!!
I really want to work at a shelter too
God I can’t watch this!
Probably will take her a day or couple to adjust. I know when I just got my recent puppy the first day we thought he was depressed because he didn’t want to do anything but lay down. Next day though he was fully up to running around and playing
Ahhhhh!!!!!
Puppies being sad is just not something my heart can handle.  The other day my older dog accidentally bumped my puppy into the wall while they were playing and she ran to the corner and cowered.  I literally cried for her, the poor thing. (She’s ok, just got spooked I think)
She looks like a Catahoula. They always look a bit sad and worried.  Also, know what you're getting into with this breed. They're big, high energy dogs who act like children.
She looks just what I picture my 4yo brindle looked like at that age. Mine was 1 when we got her and has done all the growing she’s going to do but holy heart eyes this lil puppo is just so sweet. 

If you were near me I would come snatch her up in a minute!!
Damn onions in the house
What a sweet baby. Love that puppy up.
omg what a darling, I want so bad, I love dogs so  much \*faints\*
Can I have her and the other dogs as well?

My heart is melting seeing such a cutie
If you gave the dog a treat, this could have made this a thousand times cuter
This is badass.
u/savevideo
Puppy girl♥️ so adorable!!!
She looks just like my puppy. So cute 🥺
Poor little thing 😔
She looks so much like my pup, River. Down to the white on her nose!
Please kiss this precious baby!
Omg I wish I knew where she was I would LOVE to give her a loving home. We just lost our sweet old girl in September (she was almost 15). Her 11 year old sister who up until then hadn't spent a day away from her (we got her at 7 weeks old) doesn't know what to do with herself and has been depressed since. Almost 4 months later and she still looks for her when we take her outside. We've realized she needs a new companion sooner than later.
I feel like this video is going to get this baby adopted ASAP just reading the comments. Somebody here is going to adopt her. I can feel it.
You should put the city and state she is in because redditors are great about adoption and sharing the post. Please do it
She needs an owner, NOW
Oh my gosh this looks just like my sister's dog but tiny, so cute!!  


Hm, wonder if it's somehow her grandchild. She did have puppies before we got her a few years ago...
You need to adopt her if you can. She needs a good forever home early.
take her home now.
If no one else adopts her, I will. Adorable!
I want this dog. If she's in my state, dibs!
This honestly breaks my heart, I really hope she gets adopted into her forever home soon.
Looks like a Plott hound puppy, he'll find a good home.  Fun fact: The North Carolina Plott hound is the only hound breed unique to America.   It looks like she has some gorgeous brindle fur, what a cutie.
Where is this Shelter located? I'm looking for a puppy! We have a 3 year old plot hound who was just as shy when we got her a year and a half ago. She'll feel at home w another brindle!
No doubt this one will go to a happy home quickly.
Where's the shelter?
I’m willing to die for her
 Give her lots of hugs from me❤
Where is this
Can I adopt her????
Please someone take her ☹️
SOMEONE PLEASE ADOPT THIS SWEETHEART RIGHT NOW!
She's so sweet and shy. Still beautiful ♥️🐕
What a beautiful little girl! Hopefully after she sees how nice all of the humans at the shelter are, she'll become a little love bug.
want to adopt
Pick that dog up and cuddle it at once, you monster! Then slip it in your jacket and take it to its forever home.
Where at?! She’s adorable
Awww hope a loving person will take her home soon....
OMG she reminds me so much of one of my dogs  https://imgur.com/gallery/kqQQq11
Is she still available??? So cute!!
Awwwwwww.
Sweet!
i wish i knew what my dog looked like as a puppy. i bet he looked very similar to that!!
She is a baby angel
Dude I am a cat guy and I even wanted to give her hugs and treats...sigh she looks so sad and upset, poor baby.
Where do you work and how do I adopt this angel
TAKE HER HOME
Please say you are in the UK and i can adopt her
I love her stripes omgggg
omg this is so sad, any the toy... :(
Hug this dog please
That's the problem of volunteering at animal shelters, you just want to adopt all of them.
So sad, I hope she gets a good home fast!
If I adopt the duck do I have to keep the dog?
Yeah I’d be coming home with her
Okay someone go get the dog
Ohhh my heart. Hope someone adopts this sweet baby soon
such a sweet baby. someone will adopt her in no time.
OMG SHE'S [HIS TWIN!!](https://youtu.be/ub82Xb1C8os)
I want her!  Can you pm me details if theyre still available?
Why did she get dropped off there?
Awww, she even has a ducky friend.  So cute!
OMG send her to me!
If I didn’t have two dogs and two cats already I’d scoop her up in a heartbeat. She needs so many snuggles!
Every bone in my body wants to make that puppy happy.
She looks just like my girl did at that age 🥺🥺🥺 I hope she finds a lovely family!
I want her!!
Looks like a Catahoula. We have one, a rescue from Louisiana. Great dogs but need a patient owner in their early days. Please, someone adopt this little one!
Do you know what kind of breed they are? My dog looks similar and the shelter just said pitbull but now that she is older, she doesn't really look like a pit.
Who in the world would give this treasure up?!
Annnnd adopted! There's no way this cutie stays longer than a day or two
Looks just like our good boy!
omg i want to adopt this dog
I want that dog
She looks exactly like my pup when we found her at the rescue! Down to the little bit of light on the snoot.

Anyone have an idea of thos pup's breed? I have never known my little lady's
Awwww
I would put her in a blanket and hold her close.
Breaks my heart
Why’d this make me think of debi Ryan in radio rebel
Poor baby girl, good news is she won't be alone for long!
Goddammit, people are fucking shits. Not youse guys, but everyone else.
OP lots of people are asking so can you please post the shelter location details.  Looks like people here would adopt her and I'd like one happy ending at least.
Nothing quite says "you ain't going nowhere" like painted cinderblock walls.
What a cutie. This is sad to me
She looks like a dog version of my tortie. What a sweetie!
Please how can I adopt her. Which shelter ??,,
Well I just melted
Ummmmm what state is this in? I will take this dog if it isnt far
Awwww... She looks so lonely. Hope she finds a good home.
Looks like trouble
WHERE ARE YOU? NEED!
I need a dog
Oh my god that poor baby
Can I adopt her? If so, where do I go?
How, dear people, has this been online for longer than 5 minutes without this puppy having been adopted??
If you ever encounter a shy dog or, to be fair, any dog you don't know, you should avoid going to stroke the top of their head, and go for under the chin and chest area first; it's less threatening.
Looks like a puppy version of my [Space Cowgirl. ](http://imgur.com/gallery/baU5uA3) I got her around 2 years old, but she was the same way. Very shy and chill at the shelter. Once she got used to my home she turned into a super energetic and playful pup. Hopefully it is the same with this sad girl.
WHERE IS THIS SHELTER
My heart. Poor baby! :(
Aww, she looks so sweet! I hope she gets a wonderful home soon.
Do they ever snap out of that funk?
She's a wee belter
MOAR
I really wish I could volunteer right now. Nobody is accepting volunteers right now! It's really sad.
It’s imperative we send some love there immediately.
The sadness in her eyes 🥺🥺🥺
Where is this adorable baby? I've got keys in hand.
Poor baby
Does she still need a place? She looks like a great addition to my family
OMG I need GPS coordinates to adopt this little baby now!
#hug her
Aw what a baby! Maybe she needs a friend.
This pup will find a home real quick. Puppies get adopted out instantly at the shelter I volunteer at. Even now the pitbull type dogs go in a week. Senior and dogs with medical needs have to wait a long time. 

We have a 7 year old coonhound that has been at the shelter for months and his head melts in your arms when he gets to be held. Also have a young pitbull/GSD that needs special food and lifetime medication that is still waiting.

https://www.benchs.org/dogs.html
Man it breaks my heart to see her sad like this. I would take her in an instant. Such a cutie!
Where is she? I'll take her now. Have one brindle girl, need another. I'm in AZ.
I called it. Pre-first. Those are the rules
Poor thing, hope she finds a home with a loving family soon
OP, please provide link to shelter so this sweet girl can find a home
The shy ones are the cuddliest fuckers there are once you make them feel safe.
She is so cute! Where is she located?
If you're in the US, tell me where.

I'll adopt her and give her a very happy home. She can keep my Boston Terrier company and snuggle with us at night.
Poor girl...
The good news is, with a face like that she won’t be there for long ❤️
Awwwwww poor baby looks so sad and scared and confused! I'm finna cry!
I’ll take her. Where are you?
She could piss all over my carpets 24/7 I really wouldn’t care the cuteness is worth it
Awww she looks so sad!! 😭
Aww. She looks so much like my friends dog. Who’s ( according to the person who had the mommy) a spaniel x lab x beagle x Great Pyrenees 

He’s a great dog.
I would adopt her in a heart beat she looks adorable and nice. I'm in love
She looks like a mountain cur!
Is she a baddie for the season or a baddie for the night?
Are you going to be able to resist her? She looks so very sad and alone.
This looks like my Maisie :D
Oh my goodness !
I'm looking at this point as it sits at 3 hours old.  Surely she's been adopted by now?
I'll take her.  My wife and I have a big brother who would love to have a little sis.
I think I speak for everyone when I say "aww,  poor baby. She's too little to be so alone."
She looks so sad:(
My puppy looked just like her!!!
Me hart

Ma sole
Where is she located I will adopt her?
ok i need to know where
I want you
She looks like the twin of my dog!
Such a sad face. 😢 Hope she gets loving soon. ❤️
Please someone take her omg
🥰
Poor baby. She looks so sad.
Can I have her?
Someone better adopt her right now before they catch these hands

Edit: AND BRING THE DUCKY
I hope this post helps her find a home. 

And for all the kind souls that want to adopt her, apply for her if you can, and if she's adopted before you reach her, please go to your local shelter. I'm sure there are many, many animals waiting for their chance, puppies, adults and seniors also in much need of love and a home ❤️
Which shelter?
it looks sad
Give Pats.
Give her love and affection now
Babbyyy
Can I please fly over from the UK and adopt her. I’ll get a negative COVID test and everything
If I could adopt her I would.  In a heartbeat.
Where? I would adopt her ( I have never had a pet dog but am keen to learn )
I love dogs so much. Kills me to see them sad or lonely or mistreated.
I've steadfastly refused to adopt a dog because extra work and not sure if love the dog enough.  But I wish I knew where this puppy was because id totally adopt.
What a beautiful girl! I hope she finds her furever home very soon!
Hope she gets happier soon.
What shelter? I will take her!
I hope she finds the best humans ever!
I just want more pics and videos while she is with you...thing that probbaly won't last long.

She is the cutest.
Can someone post what happened to this puppy & who adopted her?
Ohhhhhh the eyes!!!!! I had to cuddle my 8 y/o pupper in sympathy!  Let’s hope she finds a loving forever home soon!
She’s SO shy! :’-(
I want this pupper
omg! poor baby! i'd go over there & cuddle her all day!
Thankfully she’ll be adopted fast. Brindle coat and adorable little pupper.
Honestly hate when people post things like this and then don’t put where the shelter is. Answer already, OP.
I'd take her, she looks so sweet
Ohhhh she looks like her heart is just broken. 😢
I WILL BE YOUR FRIEND
Dammit. She’s so adorable.
Love her coat.
I'll take her.
Ive never wanted to pet a dog more.
Beautiful pupper
OP, where is this?  So. Cal, hopefully!
Is that...a TORTIE PUPPY?!
I want him! Where?
Wonderful to see so many people wanting to adopt her... hope she finds her forever home soon.
I'm balling
Awww! What a darling!
Better not to touch the head of any animal you’re not familiar with. 

If I, a stranger, approached you, reached out and patted your head or touched your face, how would you react, compared to if I had reached out and patted your shoulder, or put a hand gently on your back?
Omg she looks just like a baby version of my sweet pup
Few things, if any can look sadder than a dog.
Tbh though shelters charged mad money to adopt and the process to adopt is worst than getting a bank loan. Might just be my state though (NJ)
it's been 4 hours, why isn't there an update about her being adopted already????
Anyway to get updates here if an adoption were to take place?
I want her!
Oh that wasn't too bad you can do it again it you want.
I'm sure she won't be there long. She is so cute.
Gimme that sweet baby
Please don't stop petting. Thank you.
Puppy looks like my boy when he was younger. Brindle color and all! Skipper is a Plott Hound mix.
She’s JUST A BABY!
The beautiful girl
I’d scoop her up and give her snuggles 🥰
Awwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww
Where is this little love?
She looks so sad, I hope she gets an amazing home to go too. Jeez my dog is so lucky / spoilt come to think of it
God I wish I could take her right now
This brought a tear to my eye. She’s so gorgeous. She deserves unlimited cuddles ASAP.
What kind of pup is that?
Look at that precious beautiful baby
Looks like the same breed as my dog when he was a pup.
She needs cuddles and treats.
She wont be there long look at her!
She seems very sweet ❤️❤️
She won't be there long, esp with those diggy eyes
She looked so heartbroken...
Aw she looks so cute and sweet this is sad
I want it
My heart breaks at the fact there are more and more
I wish I could be the one to care for her. 🥺🥺🥺
Awww she’s like “what do I do?” It’s kinda ruff in da clink
This is why i hate when people get puppies and kittens as Christmas presents!
Sweet baby!  I foster dogs, too, and puppies always get adopted fast.
looks like an Italian Mastiff ... very good natured dogs.
Aw! She looks like my Ruby! I would take her in a heart beat!
Look at that face!!!  I once volunteered at a cat shelter & ended up with four!  I now just drop off food & towels at the door...(can't afford another one...just yet) GORGEOUS PUP!
Please remember that for every nice cute dog you see there's a one-eared or one-eyed, scruffy ugly mutt or old dog that's just as deserving of love and attention.
Soooo cute! Love her!
She looks so scared...this is sad. She's just a baby. Hope she finds her forever home soon.
Omg I want her!!!
I assume she will be adopted the minute she hits the listings
Can i take her?
I'll take "Animals who are going to get adopted today" for 600 Mr. Jennings
I love her.
Where is this Bb
Can we see the glow up please? Either from you or the owners.
I hope someone takes her in soon. She's adorable.
Please update when she's found a forever home <3
My mum has always made a beeline for the quiet / runt of the litter at the shelter, and every dog she’s owned has turned out to be a total sweetheart. 

I’ll take the same approach when rescuing my first dog next year.
Poor little baby
Where do you live? I want to adopt her now! My current pup is getting old and she could use the companionship before she goes to the dog park in the sky.
Well, I’m in love!
Sweet doggo
Feed her to the kraken!
More videos. More. Show me her when she's happy. Please.
Where ! Will adopt right now!
If I could have a dog, I would take her in a heartbeat!
Is this in southern Arizona by chance? Just adopted a momma dog who is a pit/terrier mix who must have had puppies about 2 months ago. We have been wondering what her pups must have looked like. Seems like this would be about them.
I need that shelter name. Like yesterday.
This is why I can’t work at a shelter.  I’d have the dog on my couch eating snacks so fast.
Hey, Im a post man, and, lonely, hmmmmmmm, can I take..? YOU!?
Looks like a baby plott hound. Super loyal and protective dogs. She will make a great family pet.
I want her
I think I just found some extra room in my house
That’s what I was going to say, whoever abandon this little beauty.. lost a beauty!!!
Who could give up such an adorable creature?
Want
This puppy looks exactly like my dog when she was a baby.
This reminds so much of my dog when I got her!!! Brindle, how small she is, and shyness!

Where is this I will adopt her now
Somebody give her a home!!!
She is so precious! I hope she finds a loving home.
Omg, shy pups make the best pups.
If she’s up for adoption, I’d be willing to adopt her.
and that right there is why I cannot volunteer at the shelter. I would be sick about not being able to take every single one of these babies home..... :-(
This was my girl in 2009. Rescued from a breeder at 6 months and just so shakey. I didn’t adopt her on the spot, she seemed like she was scared of life and I wanted an affectionate happy dog... I thankfully reconsidered on the drive home. I couldn’t get that look out of my head. 11 years later she’s stubborn as shit, took 2 years to housetrain, doesn’t come when I call her, isn’t a lap dog but she loves me dearly in her own way and I love her morning kisses to ask me to go out. She’s earned the moniker of Furry Asshole and she is the BEST choice I ever made. Someone who has a little patience and love to give is going to hit the jackpot. 

Adopt, even the shy ones!
I'll have 10 please.
Cute
My heart is broken and I'm not really a dog person.
my heart.
So where is this?
I'll take her.
tennessee brindle?
Aww poor baby girl. I'd take you home if I could and love you forever 💕
OP WE WANT UPDATES

Also, r/ntbdbiwdfta
Looks just like my pup when she was little like that.
I’d snuggle that baby for the rest of her life.
She looks so scared😭
Precious babyyyyy
Melted. ❤️
So sweet
Thats a beautiful dog, but it looks less shy and more sad/scared. Thank you guys for taking care of these animals, you are heros.
Her eyes melt my heart ❤
Just got out of a terrible argument and this made me tear up instantly... I wish everybody could just be as gentle with each other as this person is being with this shy puppy
I wish I could adopt her but I don't have the finances to do it
I’d love to find who made her sad, and torture them for weeks, maybe months.. anyone wanna help ?
That dogs gonna be in a cozy home by the end of the day. <3
Sad puppy noooooo
Who decided to abandon a poor dog like that?
In a few years it will be a healthy, happy and good girl
I wish I could take her in poor thing, but I think my cat wouldn’t be best pleased... we didn’t name him Vader without reason!
Shes a pretty boxer pup my mom used to had a few of those when I was little
She looks just like my baby girl when I picked her up from the rescue!
Hey op, where are you located? Someone should adopt her and give us sweet sweet updates!
I’ll take two.
Omg. I want her...
Who could give up that adorable baby??
So OP did the puppy get adopted yet or not?
r/ntbdbiwdfta
She looks really dejected, lost, and sad. It would be great if whoever adopts her makes followup posts so we can see her feeling better once she has an owner.
This is why I can't work at shelters.. I'd just take her home right then.
They just break your heart - honestly
I have rescue dog and 2 rescue cats  and if were in sane city - she be here with the rest of our family and the love she would receive would make her smile 

Break mi heart
Is it too late to adopt her!?😢
Nooooooooo
Oh my, I didn't think my numb soul was capable of feeling love!
Not a dog person but would probably adopt on the spot. She is baby 💕
I would like that one please
Take it slow at first.
I’ll take her, where is she at?
What a precious innocent little swirly girl
omg she is an angel
What an absolute angel, I hope she finds her perfect human soon 🥺
Those eyes, oh poor baby 😭
My heart just melted.
Any chance you’re in Ontario :0??
Give her a blanket!
I got my puppy from a shelter a few months ago. Makes me so sad knowing she had to leave her mommy and get locked in a cage all my herself. She couldn’t be adopted for a few weeks while she had some vet stuff going on so she must have been so lonely
What a sweet girl. She needs cuddles and I am willing to provide them!
I'd own 75 dogs if I allowed myself to volunteer at a shelter.
That duck toy is breaking my heart, too. And I don't even know why 😭😭😭😭
Who would dump a cute little puppy like this?
I want to take her home and hug her - I named her, too.  Patches -because of her beautiful coat!
If she was in california I would say " start the paperwork.  I'm on my way.''. She'll get adopted in no time.
You need to take that pupper home
I know everyone always says this but I could never volunteer at a place like this because I’d have to adopt every sad eyed hound that walked in the door. Thanks for sharing this adorable little ball of love.
What a good sis
I couldn't work at a shelter. My house would be a zoo. Like that puppy would be immediately mine. It would be cradled in my arms all day because it's too cute to be sad. 

Like I feel so bad leaving the family friends pit because she looks so sad and it makes me feel bad. It makes it hard to stop petting her for the same reason.
OMG WHAT SHELTER IM GETTING IN MY CAR NOW
Awww iz okeiiii nobody is gunna hurt you again!
Its a trick bro! Our cat we adopted was just like that at the shelter. When we got her home she instantly changed and has been extremely mischievous since then. She's just trying to be cute to get adopted!
Oh my heart!
Aw poor baby girl looks so confused and frightened. Hopes for her forever home.
I would die for this puppy
..... and then I’d be taking home a puppy
Where is this shelter
He’s so damn cute!
Does she have a home yet?
Oh no, she flinches when the other dog barks loudly :(
u/savevideo
Oooooh, she’s got those...what do you call it.. *puppy dog eyes* 🥺🥺
She looks just like my dog, Linda. Is she a catahoula?
Soo um wheres the shelter
Okkkk someone go get her right meow. 

PS - she nailed those puppy dog eyes. Whoever gets her is in for a ride.
We'll take her!!
Did she get adopted yet??
That's why I could never volunteer/work at a shelter. I'd end up adopting every animal that I laid my eyes on.
Hers got a duck!
Can I have her?
If your shelter was close I’d come get her. Looking for a new addition to the family.
