THE POOH BEAR STAYS WITH ME DURING THE WALK
When the dog gets tired of carrying it, I’m sure the guy brought a pooh bag.
"We can't take your toy on the walk. Noooo, you have to leave it here. We caaaaan't ta..... okay, you're lucky you're cute"
That retractable leash is just a suggestion.
Look but don’t touch da bear
This just brought a tear to my eye. My previous dog had a small winnie the pooh he would take everywhere. I had to say goodbye to him almost a year ago after 17 awesome years together. It's crazy the impact dogs can have on you.
Maybe it's just to stop him from collecting all the acorns.
That looks like a cane corso.
My dog won't *have* a stuffed animal like that. If I give him one he just immediately chews it's legs and tail and nose off and then pulls all the stuffing out. He does this in about 30 minutes. Wtf.
When you're about to take a walk and you realize you have to take a pooh.
Thugs like honey too 😎👍
It's a bear... carrying a bear.
I love when dog's carry toys on walks.  The only thing I like more is when a little dog has a giant stick.
Why does the dog hold the President of China?
Why did winnie the pooh cross the road? Turns out he had no fuckin choice.
Can I get a Pooh Bear
Love dogs but I'd b terrified of that thing
"Just carrying this for a friend"
Its a somewhat common thing in dog training to teach a dog to go for walks with them having to carry some toy they like. 

If its a leash agressive dog it will often help them stay calm.  other times it just something to keep thier attn or something like that.
I love this. My geriatric Chihuahua has his own Winnie the Pooh. It’s his third. First one had little bean bag bits in it, and my dog loved a hole into it. The second one, my son’s dog kept kidnapping and eating. The third one is getting battered, but it’s in mostly one piece. 

I have a Pooh collection in a bin in my closet. The last time I got them out, he kept stealing them all to have a massive cuddle puddle with.
[deleted]
That looks like norcal
"Bother!" said Xi Jinping
My dog has a little stuffed lamb and him the 100lb lab will get scared from the doorbell and run and get his lamb.
Wow, Xi Jinping is a lot smaller in real life.
I had a female neapolitan mastiff who would softly nibble on this on halloween squeaky mummy toyshe got from bark box. She had a ferocious bark and people were scared of her but she loved kids and that squeaky mummy so much. She was the best dog. My bestest friend.
Absolute unit. I’d bet that him carrying around his Pooh bear makes him much less intimidating to people. Pretty smart really.
My German Shepherd always carries around his mini German Shepherd stuff animal. It’s truly too cute
Just bought my pupper a Pooh bear stuffed animal because of this post.
Well, would you take it away from h8m?
Cane Corso?
Cane Corsos are walking black tanks
Once my dog decided to bring a small umbrella with him during the walk: he holded it in his mouth since he went out until he came back home.
Every body needs a Pooh bear
Is this size of traffic lights normal in the US? They huge!
Xi Jinping is looking fit
Be careful of the asfalt shark!!
Sweet
LOL---I have the same bear!
I just thought this was an anti-chinese government  post.
What a good boy!
Damn straight. No matter how bad ass you are you still need a hug, kiss or a teddy bear.
Maybe it's the real Winnie the Pooh and the dog is so big that it just makes it look like a doll lol
I remember when this dog chased Rick Moranis in Ghost Busters.
You're NEVER too badass for Pooh Bear.
He’s got china by the balls.
rAbId DoG dEvOuRs SuPrEmE lEaDeR oF nOrTh KoReA
Thinks: “Come And Take It”
Pitbulls aren't badass, they're literally portable pillows. I would snog that shit in a second.
Dude is definitely a bit over confident with that little retractable leash
Awww my bf's dog does this with her chipmunk toy and gorilla, I call them her emotional support animals because she likes to fall asleep with them in her mouth (phrasing lol).
It doesn’t matter how uncool you are, owning a dangerous dog doesn’t make you badass.
Cropped ears :/
He chomp the butt!!
Hey everyone, it's been a tough year. If you're feeling really down and you need this, I'd be happy to be the one to put a pooh in your mouth. I can only do 1-2 a day, but I promise I'll be there for you.
**Twist:** Just out of frame is a terrified mother and her baby, missing her Pooh bear.
Somebody. Anybody. Help! That dog is escaping with the Chinese president Xi Jinping!
Does anyone else see a pit that killed a toddler and kept it’s pooh teddy as a trophy?
banned in china
What does a 175 lb dog carry around for comfort? Anything it damn well wants and woe betide the creature that tries to take its comfort away.
He's kidnapping the president of China :o
Is that the dog from ghostbusters?
Large boy
They're so cute!
Why yes, yes you do.
That’s actually a full size bear dwarfed by the dog
That's cute, Pooh got to go on the walk too :)
Anyone pointed out the size of that hog, yet?
China joke
From having big dogs I can promise you one thing. 

He’s giving it to that Pooh Bear.
This is exactly what my staffordshire does! He needs a toy every time we walk.
China has entered the chat.
So precious! ❤️❤️
Ramsey's hounds would looked a lot less threatening if they carrying around a Xi Jinping toy like this.
That dog looks mean, but with that collar and retractable leash I'd bet he's as nice as that stuffy. Ill bet he let's him carry that so he doesn't scare ppl. My aunt has a rotti thats a 100 pound teddy bear but she never walks her without a stuffy to put people at ease.
I once met a woman with a big dog like that, and no matter where the dog went he always had a ball in his mouth. I asked her why and she told me that it was so the dog would seem less ferocious and more like the sweetheart that she was. She loved belly rubs btw (not the woman).
my dog brings a toy with him everywhere he goes. pineapple, alligator, baseball glove, chicken, sloth holding a christmas wreath — you name it, it has walked through my town and we’ve been honked at and waved to for it.
My cousins dog likes to take his teddy out to show the cows. The cows either run away or try to trample him but he keeps trying.
I think that's a clever owner. A lot of people are really scared of larger dogs, especially for a few dog breeds...but have it carry around a stuffed animal and suddenly people are going to be more comfortable.
Sometimes you got to get your Pooh on.
post this on a chinese social media platform and then watch things get political
it’s like when you see a big buff dude with a tiny kitten
That's not their pooh bear. He just snatched it from a baby in a stroller.
That dog is way too big for that kind of leash.
What love got to pooh with pits?
For the love of fuck please stop using flexi leashes!! Epically on dogs this big
Why is it biting XI JINPING?
Pro tip, the biggest scariest dogs are usually the biggest babies. It's the little yappy shits that bite then their owners just laugh like it's ok.
Eeyore carring Pooh.
$10 says that dog is a total sweetheart.
This photo is banned in China
Pitties are honestly just big babies. They're super friendly and cuddly. They're adorable.
I gave that same stuffed animal to my dog when I out grew it
that exact same toy was my childhood teddybear. no chance of getting sleep without that thing, maybe doggo is the same.
I have this exact pooh bear
Awww hahaha cuteee!!! 🥰☺️🥺
Is it horrible my first thought was what happened to the kid who owned that bear..? All about perspective, this could of easily turned into a terrible story.
My most bestest childhood friend Buttons (a lil Pug), also had a Pooh Bear baby. It was her most favorite 🐻 sure do miss that lil stinker Butt
This post is banned in China
No matter how much of a Chad you are, everyone needs some ass
Pooh's butt must be hurting
#
In China it would be very badass to have a pooh bear.
CCP wouldn’t appreciate it.
thats so trueits a big dog but it just has that
100k upvotes in 8 huors nice
MY DOG HAS A POOH BEAR TOO OMG HES JUST LIKE THIS HE CARRIES IT EVERYWHERE!!!
Are you laughing at me or my poo . Because neither is good . I lost him once  , only once and I woke up without balls . Now I'm not sure there is a connection but would you risk it .
I bet the best part of the day for him is cuddling up with his family on the couch and watching TV.
/u/pusixa uite tu, are unu mic
At the end we are just babies
He’s definitely a bad Ass
Plot twist: that's all that remains of a neighborhood child after doggo tore him apart.
How cute! Your doggo has a Xi Jinping plushie!
I thought that was President Xi in that good boi's mouth.
Pmsl
It’s hard to be afraid of a big dog when it’s carrying poo bear.
That's all that's left of the kid he ate.
The bear?  It keeps him from ripping the throat out of random people.
Just left overs from the kid that he just ate lol
Most likely there is a toddler in the stomach of that dog whose arm is still holding on to that Winnie the Pooh doll. This is a pretty graphic, terrible photo in reality.
Not sure why the dog is on a leash, the guy is not going to stop it.
For the dog, its pretend pray.
This pit bull with pooh bear is a poetic explanation of Mike Tyson. If you spoke with Mike on the phone, just judging by his voice, you would think "ehhh, I'll beat this guy all over the place". But then, Mike shows up... Cancel Christmas...
I'm saving this post so I can try to give you an award later because right now reddit won't let me lol
This image is illegal in China
It makes big dogs look less threatening.   You may also try the opposite and use a severed head or maybe a baby if you can find one.
Crude substitute for an actual hunted baby bear 😊
Mastifs are big babies...
Dog hates the Chinese government....or is a huge fan. Can't tell
r/chonk
Wherever you go, oh won't you take me please.
"Doesn't matter how badass you are, *sometimes ya just need too take a pooh*"
"Oh no! Don't say that! I'm just carrying Pooh for my little brother. No, it's not mine!"
u/suuula
You try taking the toy away
Damn straight!
Yuzuru Hanyu?
Dogs are adorable.
OMG, this is totally Mama approved!
That man is only a couple feet taller than the cross walk button though lol makes the dog look like a monster
I love this so much.
Looks like a good boy to me
That poor pooh bear's ass
Why am I crying?
Truth.
I have the same bear. It was her favorite. Hits hard, love it
When I was little, I had a little stuffed Pooh bear that I used to sleep with.

This dog is my spirit animal!
Dog ruthlessly attacks Chinese president.
That’s gotta be California
thats so cute, I also have a stuffed plush of China's President
What a genius place to hide your PCP.
I would definitely get along with this dog, Pooh Bear for the win
By the ass
Omg so cute!
Awe what a sweetheart!
Richie? Is that you?
Ri.. Ride it into battle
Look at the size of that hand
Everything is good in the world when I look at this photo
Beautiful cane corso aka italian mastiff 😍😍
OMG!! To precious!🥰
I used to walk a lab who liked to carry his toy...for 5 minutes. If I have to lug this dumb chicken in a swamp summer, I’m gonna have some fun. My work Insta has a photo of the chicken ‘riding’ on the dog’s back.

(It was a couple of years ago and it’s a small enough company I’m not saying who)
Love.
Either that guy and the crossing pole are very short or that dog is a fucking beast!
Pooh Bear, Winnie the Pooh Bear
Lookin’ for fun, chasin’ some honeybees
Pooh Bear, I know he’s out there 
Rumbly-tumbly, climbin’ a honey tree
My dog too like to chew on poo. Mine, however, gets his from the kitty litter and it’s not cute at all.
My Cane Corso carries a blanket everywhere. They are giant babies. 10/10 recommend!
Reminds me of dog elvis and his baby. He was a yellow lab and he would carry around a little yellow lab doll we got him everywhere. Lol we called it his "baby". He'd groom it and put it next to him when he would sleep.
I was more of a rue fan but wateva'
r/AbsoluteUnits
I’m sorry but Pooh performed surgery one himself without anesthesia while standing, that’s pretty badass
Man thanks doggo. I’ll finally say it. I take my pillow pet wherever I go if I’m sleeping somewhere besides my bed. 23 now and been doing it since 7th grade.
Everybody Poohs
That is a big cow..I mean dog
That dog is an absolute UNIT!
“Oh bother.”
What a good boi!
Dog takes a Pooh
Are you gonna tell him he can't bring it? I'm not gonna tell him.
Damn eeyore been hitting the gym
That heartless dog ate my childhood hero, Joke, he's much cuter then poo bear.
Our 100 pounds of pit mix carries his squeaky balls just in case someone wants to play keep away.
And a harness.
My dogs just destroy all toys.
He has.. Pooh.. In his mouth..
Pretty much that was the last four years.
I wish I could train my dog to pick up her own pooh
Huh, I have the same leash.
That is so adorable 🥰
My Susi, a big Dutch Shepard, has a woobie she brings up to bed every night. It's the cutest thing and she has a deep connection to this toy. Its important and you can feel it around her. Nearly,  if not, sentient. I love it.
I have twin toddlers - very brave kiddos who climb the highest structures. 

Can confirm sometimes they just need their Pooh.
lol
This pic hurts.
Disney stopped making and selling those specific versions, and I had to drop some money on a backup  for my son because he basically will not sleep without that bear.
R kid there
Yea tell that cuddly puppers they can't take their baby.  Let me know how it works
Homestly
Aw Pooh he’s bringing that toy again
Such a good boy ☺️
Pooch bear
This is me
*subscribe*

-LeBron
OMG there's a golden retriever in my neighborhood that does the same thing!! He has to have his elephant when he goes on walks. Makes me happy everytime I see him.
Aww I need a pooh bear
Who would think

A boy and bear

Could be well-accepted

Anywhere
Kiddie bag
Like xi jing pings in his mouth
This dog is now banned from China.
Dude, don’t make me put this bear down.  Trust me, you won’t like me without this bear.  I am bound by oath to draw blood every time he touches pavement.  Make good choice, choose to live.
We stan Pooh bear
That made my heart flutter!!!
This photo seems like Santa Monica, am I close?
I cried looking at this whats wrong with me
I feel validated
Can we get the math on how big this dog actually is? Homie hitting the crosswalk button has to be 5'4 at best making the dig look way bigger. Also the stuffed pooh is probably 9" tall.
That dog is actually making a political statement about the CCP.
Aww. I hope no one finds out about my teddy bears.
now that is an overload of cuteness
pooh is tha best
The looks like Satya Nadella
Whats that dog doing to the Chinese leader?
I know brothers who got Presa Canario siblings and the dogs were sweet but waaaaaay too much work for one of them. He wound up rehoming the pup after spending $$$$ to get it. Peeps need to evaluate their investments before making a purchase like that. Also, he lived in (rented) a small place. These dogs should not be considered pets, but workers
Awesome
That’sso adorable!!!
He ready for China?
 \*\*When the dog gets tired of carrying it, I’m sure the guy brought a pooh bag \*\*
Ugh. If that thing crosses my path I’d have barbiturates at the ready...
wooo,so cute picture
I can almost guarantee you that dog is just a giant marshmallow in disguise
I feel seen.
so cute. My dog will give you his toy or sometimes carry it around with him. sometimes he wants to bring it outside with him but he will just lose it heh. dogs are the best.
Photo shopped
I’m glad he didn’t take it away from him!
please tell me its not photoshop
The funny part is the dog does this because it treats the toy as small game. Bonus points if squeaks.
OH NO THE DOG IS ASSULTING THE PRESIDENT OF CHINA.
my pomeranian thinks he can take on dogs this size
What a cutie!!!!
Well, They’re only human.
I keep my Pooh bear in my car.
Poor Pooh having his butt bitten
I know a good boy when I see one at that is a  g o o d b o i
The Chinese CCP dictator looks like pooh. I think he's sending a message
This is California for sure.
because how else will pooh get across the street? :-D <3
So happy to see my fans all around the world.
Holman.... We are getting a bear
\[redacted\]
My big guy... he was 220 lb. lambchop was his go to!!
Sometimes my great dane will demand to take her toys eith her while going for a car ride
Yef.
Xi won't be happy
Cane corso? They’re cool looking, but scary/dangerous dogs.
He skips leg days.
Dogs finally use uno reverse card on China
What a big sweetie! ❤️
I need my Pooh Bear! '
plot twist: the dog just took that from the baby he ate
My SIL bought a toy raccoon that has two squeakers in it for my dog. Maybe 4-5 squeakers actually work still. This raccoon is also tore up with not much stuffing. Still, it's my dog's favorite toy.
Pooh Bear was the name of my first dog. I miss that little scruffy pup.
😊😊😊
I am 14 years old and I have always had a pooh bear right next to me since I was 2.It’s something I will never get rid of.
He see to hold him by his hand which is kinda sweet I think. Pooh gives everybody the strength they need :)
How much zoom did you use to take the picture
Ah I see, a miniature hose at a light how normal
cute!
God I love dogs so much
Same
The proportions of that guy versus everything around him is screwing with my head. He looks like he's 4 feet tall.
Awww, my Sweet Angus’ favorite toy was a Pooh.
I mean I still have my Pooh bear
That’s xi Jin ping
My pitty boi loves his lamp chop stuffed animal the most
[deleted]
This is a mother fucker that has the physique to do whatever it wants.
Even the most hardcore dogs have their "baby". My dog has several but he's a spoiled lil shit
aw this made me tear up! My dog Bear passed away a few months ago and he used to take his Pooh Bear with him everywhere. all dogs need a Pooh Bear in their life!
Precious
My 20lb black cat and his Winnie also agree.
Sweet boi
Oh bother
I took my dog to the dog park today, and everyone was really confused when the big dog with the spiked collar started crying with his tail between his legs when approached by an angry chihuahua lol
When I had to physically go to work, there was a dog that would carry their stuffed animal on walks in the morning. It was a nice “aww” before spending 9+ hrs behind a computer.
Winnie the Pooh is my favorite too. He's so cute.
URGE TO PET RISING
Why does that dog have  Xi Jinping in his mouth?
I wish my dog would only put that Pooh in her mouth. Always after the cat poo. Smh.
It is the pooh bear that makes you badass.
😂😂😂 adorable
Winnie the Poof
❤️
Is that the Chinese president?
This is amazing!
“Good boy picks up his own Pooh”
Xi being walked
Naww. Just like my 3yo (human). She’s a force of nature but always has her ‘baby’ with her.
My golden had to carry something with her every time we had a walk. This post just brought back some good and funny memories. Thank you
That dog is bigger than him, jesus. If the corso gets out of control he's not gonna be able to anything to stop that beast
Oh, there he is!  Xi Jinping !
That is so cute love it
He's not biting poo because he loves him he just finished breaking down his door knocking his honey over then took out pooh.
I pity the fool that tries to take it away from him!
Even the cool people have feelings
r/iamverybadass
Whoa, I saw them today omw to Covid test. What a small world after all
Big ass dog
Lol my dog also has a pooh bear
"The Chinese government dislike this post"
If he eats it....he'll xi-t himself.
*Chinese president Xi Pooh Jinping viciously attacked by dog.*
I didn't know our dear leader was traveling outside of China.
It’s nice to be able to count on a friend like Pooh Bear, Winnie the Pooh Bear.
That's cute!
I bet good money this wasn't taken in China
This looks like a Republicans take on America vs China.
Plot twist: The dog is taking pooh to a warehouse to torture him for nuclear codes
@vMoxster
I hope the dog's name Is Christopher Robin
This image is gonna get banned in China.
No one undermines President Xi
Xi Jingping does not appreciate being handled that way.
I have a rottie that does the same in the house just not on walks
This is adorable!!!
It's a Xi Jinping dog toy!
You are banned from r/China
What an absolute unit. He's a small horse.
Oooooossssshhhhiiii
It's actually an awesome life hack if you have a dog with fear or aggression towards other dogs. Giving it a job, such as carrying things either in the mouth or with bags (or pulling, like weight pull) makes it concentrate more on the job than on the surroundings. Great tip!
Something something China.
Fine tactic to make people less afraid
If you can carry your favorite toy wherever you go then you'll only increase your badass quotient!
Honey loved her Pooh.
That’s a fucking UNIT
Nah, that dog just really hates Xi Jinping.
That’s so cute
🎶I’m in love with a doggie at a signal🎶
NOOOO poo die :(
I too sometimes miss my plushie doll replica leader of the Chinese communist party.
This just made my day better, but it's only 5:50 am for me so.....
So is no one gonna mention the other thing that dog is packin?
I want a chonky boi like that
🥺
Reminder to look past our preconceptions about anybody, not just this badass. Even strong people (especially, the ones who continue to work/find work and keep their family comfortable during COVID) may look like they don’t need anybody but need comfort too.
Damn xi is smaller then I thought
Beautiful dog. 



Please oh please let ear clipping die. Fuck aesthetics!
Once there was a little boy who strapped on his pooh bear backpack and skipped on his merry way to school........once.
Not his toy. Just all that's left of the small child he ate earlier that day. You could say it's a doggie bag.
Pitties are not bad asses! They are sweet and squishy, adorable, insanely lovable.  Some of their owners are POS
Banned in China
I have to be honest, his owner needs to get rid of the ol yee yee ass haircut he got, then maybe Tanisha would call his dog ass.
Instant China ban.
Where can I buy a Xi Jinping plush toy?
wish this was xiaoping
Aww, I had no idea they made stuffed dolls of Xi Jinping
Chinese government don't want you to see this image. Spread this to all the corners of the internet.
This is banned in China
r/bannedinchina
Our female Corso is the same way. Our last Corso, also female, had a Pooh Bear just like that.
This picture is banned in China
What is Xi Jinping doing in that dog's mouth?
Are we not sure this dog doesn’t have like... a child’s arm holding onto Pooh bear from the inside?
Im sure he ate the kid whom that teddy bear belonged to....
Or somebody else's Pooh Bear.
I’ll give somebody $20 to try and take that off of him, if you fail, you get no money, and I’m not covering any health expenses.
That dog is sooooooooo cute 🥺🥺🥺🥺😍😍😍😍🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰☺️so cute soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo cute omg
He really mastif wanted to bring it along.
That’s just a souvenir from the kid he ate earlier
Ripped that from the hands of a crying baby
I made a big stinky runny shit in my pants
The guy seems like the dogs next chew toy
90% of these comments are china jokes...you guys are really unfunny
That poor dog is fat as fuck.
[removed]
[deleted]
Its not the breed that makes the puppo badass, its the up-bringing. 

For all we know this doggo is a lovable slobbering cuddlebug.
Every Pit I've ever raised or fostered was a complete softie about a certain something that they were enamored with.  Sometimes a stuffie, or a blanket, or a pillow case.  It's always adorabull.
My big girl (part Pittie) has to always go outside with a toy, particularly her muscle toy or her porcupine! The moment she drops it on a walk, is when she's finally gonna poop. Everyone in my neighborhood knows and loves her
I mean, well trained pitties are just giant babies so it checks out.
Adorb!
Only thing that could make this photo funnier would be if the person was somehow obviously a Chinese immigrant.
You are saying that pooh arent badass? He is!
Congrats to that man for not cutting the dogs ears!!!!!

Edit: I must have been VERY tired last night, now I see they are in-fact cut.
❤️♥️
Plot twist: He just took it from a kid down the street
The title is honestly kinda motivational
the dog is so cute!
Wow. This killed me, brought me back to life, and killed me again.  Now I'm in heaven where only this picture exists. Thank you , muscley snuggle dog.
Good looking Corso.
Dog's tongue punching pooh's fart box.
Repost
Poor Xi
But what does [Xi](https://www.google.com/search?sxsrf=ALeKk03eMcJA7kxMO3qL1Vv0L-Q0sJWC4Q:1611277399994&q=Xi+Jinping&stick=H4sIAAAAAAAAAONgVuLUz9U3MEtLMzN4xGjCLfDyxz1hKe1Ja05eY1Tl4grOyC93zSvJLKkUEudig7J4pbi5ELp4FrFyRWQqeGXmFWTmpQMAOqLUDVEAAAA) think?  /s
Oceanside
"That dog is scary and dangerous" My grandma had to cross the road and walk on the other side walk just because she saw a pitbull walking towards us a mile away.  Can't imagine what she'd do if she saw a black dude.  🤷 Closs minded shit.

I'm saying she is racist and judges everyone and she would see a black dude and cross the street like she does with a pitbull because pitbulls are said to be "dangerous" just like how racists see black men.  Not really trying to defend myself but I see how what I said looks bad.
Prolly took it.
♥️🥰
Who just walks their bull around on a leash?

Edit: My joke was intended to be about bulls, and didn’t realize.... pit*bulls*. Please forgive my mistake.
🤣
That dog packin
Oh my god that's my neighbor and his dog Leo. 

And that dog is a sweet dog too. Very well behaved.
That dog just lost 10 Chinese social points.
The real tough ones can be vulnerable and still bite a leg off.
This would fit right in at r/bigboye
That dog is o fat to be badass.
That is one fat dog
looks photoshopped
[deleted]
r/ccp
This dog has a huge dick and I can’t believe nobody’s pointed it out so far
why does it look like he's giving the dog a D
This looks photoshopped to me-the scale is off
As a Chinese, I feel offend.
Your image will 100% banned in China.
Would've been a great dog if it weren't for that famous blight called appropriation...
Aww and sadness in the same picture. The person having to push the button to cross is American transportation and public planning inequity at its best
