r/cozy
So....how did Spatula come by his name?
How do I make this my Screensaver?
This looks like the coziest place in the universe right now.
This needs to be a livestream.
Spatula living in pure magic
There is *nothing* in the world (to me) more peaceful and calming than a snowy night. 

That said, I’ve never lived in an area where I ever really had to worry if I’d be able to get out my front door in the morning, either.
I'm betting that Spatula has no interest in the snowy scene, but that cat bed is right over the radiator.
Spatula is a fantastic name for a cat.
did you get him from Spatula City?
Spatula looks a bit like [Mae](https://imgur.com/a/IpbFRXQ).
waitbwhere is this lo-fi music coming from?
ok this is best you need a loop for like 10 hrs. Be nice.
Would be cool to have this as a /r/Cinemagraphs/
Watching this made me feel so relaxed and happy. Thanks for posting.
[And what better way to say “I love you” than with the gift of a spatula](https://youtu.be/2XbCWmY0eqY)
I love the long, deep breath cats take when they have found a super comfy position and getting ready to nap. It’s as if they inhale the very essence of cozy and exhale the definition of comfort.
Wow I named a cat named Spatula, too. It was a cat from my youth that still lives with my mom. The only kitty we ever raised from a kitten and she is 21 now. When she was little she would fetch rubber bands. I hope your kitty lives a nice long life too.
/u/savevideo
Beautiful!
Come on kids, get in the car...
Where did you get the window hammock! It’s so cute (so is spatula 🥺💕)
love the name my dude
Bruh, I ain’t gonna lie I live right across that courtyard lmao
That big sigh when he settles in...love it!
What a lovely, peaceful scene
This makes me wonder why Netflix doesn't just have hours of cats sleeping in windows while it snows. It's so peaceful...
sometimes I really wish I was a cat...
One spatula, please!
Where is this? Looks like such an amazing view
Tbf hes bound to be tired. He just got up.
Spatula mix, music for study/relax to
Cat go brrrr
That is awesome. Had a female cat named Lunchbox. I thought she was a boy.  Got a female cat now named Preacher Man. Same situation.
These feels so comfy....omg
Spatula is the best name!
Anyone who names their cat Spatula automatically earns my trust.
Looks like something that belongs in r/cinemagraphs
Adorable name, beautiful cat, lovely view!
nice view
Good job on all of this
This is purrfect!
Spatula just flipped my pancake.
So cozy!!!!
Damn sometimes I just want to be a cat
What a beautiful moment
I interesting name lol
My neighbor’s cat is named Casserole.
That name is probably the greatest cat name ever.
That outdoor scene is so peaceful. Late night snowstorms are gorgeous and heartwarming to me. Especially with a lit fireplace, movie marathons and cats.
I wonder if he knows what a privileged cat he is 😅
Do you call him Spa-too-la by chance?
Just play some lo-fi hip hop and you've got yourself a YouTube channel
Our cats could actually be twins! Spatula is so cute
[his kinda town](https://youtu.be/4BUDwj_mXKE)
Spatula belongs on r/supermodelcats! He's a *very* handsome kitty!

Also, this entire post is magical
[deleted]
Very calming watching this.
I look forward for the timing to be right to adopt a cat. This is so sweet and pure 🥺🥺
Everything about this is beautiful
Lol my first two cats I named Stinker Pot (a girl) and PJ (a boy) I was five years old. I thought it was hilarious! I now have a cat named: Squeaks because she doesn’t meow she does a squeak/birdy noise
Spatula
Why am I jealous of a cat..
Aww. I would love to have a loop of this playing to some lo-fi jams, so relaxing and adorable 🥰
So peaceful
SPATULA. 🖤
OP, my cat would love that window seat. Do you know the name of it or have a link?
I want to achieve this level of cozy
:)
That's one contented egg Turner!
At Spatula City we sell spatulas... and that’s all!
Pets with unusual names are a treat
Probably nobody will see this, but god*damn* that looks cozy. I love snow (which I don't get much of in my neck of the woods), and I love comfy kitties. Makes me drowsy just looking at this. Congrats, you made me a little jealous. :)
My first cat's name was Spatula! Love to see another kitchen utensil cat enthusiast. Looks like a precious little bb!
This took away all my stress
Cozy af
This cutie gets my free award for today because of the snow and the amazing name
Can I get this on loop with a lofi playlist?
Le cute
This could be one of those fireplace TV type things. 😍
Love the kitty, love the name, love snow.  Sweet!
Can someone please loop this and put it on r/cozyplaces?? Such a cutie!
Soft kitty, warm kitty, little ball of fur!
Happy kitty, sleepy kitty, purr purr purr
My cat has a window perch just like that! I bought a heating pad that fits perfectly and I wrap it in a blanket for my kitty. She loves it.
That sigh as he snuggled down. Ahhhh. So peaceful.
If that’s not a Winter Wonderland I don’t know what is
....This is so the calm and wonderful lay the night down and sleep....relax....and beautiful background....
Perfect background, so peaceful
Every moment of this was an adorable adventure

Spatula! 🥰
Harry Potter vibes.
Aww.  This cat is looking so adorable with beautiful scenery.
His name is spatula 🥺
The snow makes him look 3D!
hello spatula
We have that cat hammock. It's the shit
This should be a gif for a low-fi playlist
I feel like this clip has a very Akira Kurosawa style of framing. You have an eye for good frames OP. Give my love to Spatula.
This video is coziness boiled down to 17 seconds. I want to be that cat
u/dosabby1
I love the name Spatula. And what a cozy spot for a snowy night!
Winter loaf
  
Thank you for that. It made me sigh deeply and smile with contentment.
[deleted]
Spatula the Cat-ula?
u/savevideo
Is there a story behind the name or is Spatula the cat just the most hipster feline to ever be?
It looks like he's drawing all the snow towards him. 😄
(   (  ( v i b e s ) )  )
This looks like a beautiful ass screensaver
So pretty
My cats also love their window hammock! Great place to observe their little world go by. Looks like a lovely warm cozy night
Hey there, Dan.
Kitty looks *SOOO* cozy -zzzzzzzz.
This is giving me lofi vibes.
In our house that window bed would be equipped with a heater on low, 24/7. 

Our fur babies are so spoilt
u/savevideo
Spatula is adorable, and the snow looks amazing, from the inside. :p
Spatula the catula
Aww
Such a precious boy!
Aw, so peaceful. I’m allergic to cats and can’t have one but I really want a window kitty. 😢
It's quite relaxing 😻
Comfy AF!
We just got the same window hammock for our cat. He’s been loving it
This is so peaceful and relaxing. And I love the name too!
Thank you for this.
I thought this was one of those forever looping gifs where only the background snow moves
[deleted]
Sweet dreams, spatula
u/savevideo
Spatula! That’s a very sweet, random, and hilarious name for a cat. He looks like a lovebug.
Spatula knows the simple pleasures of a warm bed on a snowy night.
that was the perfect pre-bedtime vid. thanks :D
Aaah so cuteee
Hi, sorry, this needs to be a live feed.

I'll pay.

Thanks.
My brother has a cat named Spatula! And another named Doorknob.
This would be perfect in r/YourWindow
Can someone clip the first part of this to a live wallpaper??? Awesome vid OP!
Its like a relaxing video you loop when trying to fall asleep.
I have a similar window bed. How the heck do you get it to stay on?
This is my new Moment Of Zen.
I thought I was in r/cinemagraphs for a minute
Glad to know I’m not the only one that has a cat with a weird name. My husband named our cat Poland 14 years ago. It’s a dumb joke from those old Bush “you forgot Poland” memes.
I have that exact same window bed and my kitty loves it.
Gotta say I might have to use that name myself for a cat. It's amazing, and I'd use it as a minor reference to UHF.
I love this YouTube LoFi radio station!
Awww!! Such a cute kitty ❤️ and I love and miss the snow so much. Moved way down south (US) for hub's job/schooling. Both of us can't wait to move back up north!
If that's not love (from a cat to anything else) I don't know what is.
ok love Spatula, but is that a hanging bed?
I'd like to be a cat
Cats always know how to keep it cozy
This is a very cool.  Trying to put my finger on why.  He’s so chill.  I KNOW it’s real but their is something about it, colors maybe, that tell my brain its CG.
Goodnight Spatula. Sweet dreams bud
M A J E S T I C
This is a wonderful moment. Thanks for sharing!
I would die for Spatula
Remind me to never watch this in the morning before work.
💕💕💕
What a lovely view! I feel cosy just watching the video.
SPATULA IS A FANTASTIC NAME
Why is this so amazing I’m mean well it’s obvious
That little sigh at the end!
Just loop the video, put some lo-fi over it and boom, chill lo-fi songs to study/sleep to.
I need an endless loop of this set to lofi music
Delightful.
philly? over in Pittsburgh and it's coming down but I know Philly supposed to get it worse
Were you listening to LoFi Hip Hop when recording this?
Our four get very snuggly when a snow storm is coming.
Seems like he is enjoying his warm house!
How adorable. Looks so cozy
He'd immediately be Spatty Catty in my house.
Meow
r/cozyplaces
This whole post made me smile.
Good night, sweet prince.
r/itlooksdamncozy
That content sigh at the end 💙
I’ve always lived in Phoenix AZ, and I would love to experience an evening like this.
This makes me feel warm and fuzzy.
An extended video of this could replace the fireplace channel for winter background TV goodness for me
I’m not sure of the dollar amount but right now  I would pay money to channel that kind of cozy sleep.
This is just relaxing to watch.  Thank you for posting this.
how sweet :)
Hope those are double-paned.
What's the secret to keeping these things on the glass? I have one and it keeps slipping off after about 15 minutes.
That’s pretty cozy! 

Have you seen the movie UHF? There’s a fake commercial for a place called Spatula City. Worth checking out. 

https://youtu.be/4BUDwj_mXKE
Oh wow, magical! He’s lucky to be inside and out of the cold. ♥️
What a name
I have that exact cat perch, and one of my cats absolutely loves it. Though he spends a weird amount of time biting at the wires holding it up.
Hi Spatula.
Fuck you for having such a beautiful backdrop
...
Where is this?
I love him!
11/10.  Best. Cat. Name. Ever!
Lofi hip-hop radio: chill beats to relax/meow to
That’s a great name.  Are you by any chance a Mary Tyler Moore Show fan?  The word spatula was used in two separate episodes as a punchline and killed both times:)
God I wish I lived where it snowed. 28C today.
I'm jealous of this cat's life
this is so calming
I need a human window hammock. That looks like such a nice place to go to sleep.
I can not believe this! When I was 3 and my mom was pregnant with my sister, they asked me what I wanted to name her. I said Spatula! I still call her that and it's one of my favorite stories to tell. Cheers!
Anyone else hear Chillhop Lofi music in their head while watching this?
Wisky name for a kitty. I hope he doesn't stir up too much trouble.
Spat cat is now flat
Very nice
Awwww look at him 🥺🥺
Wow what a cutie! It’s snowing here too!
Spatula is a great name and now I'm sad I didn't think of it first
This is gorgeous. I could watch it for hours. If there is a heaven mine looks like this.
Looking at this little guy is exactly how I want to end my day, Thanks.
Very snug. Good slep, dear Splatula.
You should've livestreamed that. Very comforting feeling
Lovely and soothing to watch
Great name
:)
If you put this on loop, it would be a beloved ASMR video!
Where is it snowing that much?
Winter snowscapes are beautiful . . . from inside a warm home.
THIS LOOKS SO COZY UWAAAAH
u/GetVideoBot
Did you get him from Spatula City or something?
Why do I hear lofi
Nothing brings me more joy than pets names after common household items

Correction: I also love when pets have very fancy people names
If you were born as a cat one of the best parts would be the constant napping.
Chicago?
Cute cat and this might sound weird but the scenery outside is actually really nice.
That practically put me to sleep.
I felt a wave of calm wash over me.
This post made me want to show my cat how much I love him and when I went to go pet him he was chowing down on his butthole
He's lovely.
My cat had one of these and she loved it until she got too fat and it broke (she on diet)
what breed are they?
Spatula! 😂😂
Its name being Spatula doesnt even surprise me. I know or have heard of many cat names, such as Dinnerbone, jeb_, Ranger with the big iron on his hip, Hammer, Lemon, Whale, Nugget, and Leg.
Lucky cat!
They always pick the best spots.
Are you on the east coast? If so how are things over there with that crazy weather? I’m wondering cause I live in Nevada and don’t see much weather.
Make it a ten hour version and put lofi music on it and you just gave me a reason to live.
Enjoy the calming fall of snow. A Sunday evening that might have just turned into an off day on Monday. Maybe. Cause in SELA, we’ve never seen that.
Spatula, sweet baby, you are beautiful and your snowy window view is lovely! You are so loved.
I could watch this all night. Like Christmas Yule Log but smol and floofy.
Where did you get that window setup???
Like a lofi-hip hop beats background
That looks so cozy, it must be comfy warm in Spatula’s house.
My gray kitty once pooped in my dad’s slippers, and my dad used a **spatula** to remove the feces. Later that morning my brothers and I were horrified to see Dad using that same *spatula* to flip our pancakes.
My cat has this same window perch! His name is Klaus aka Bean and his favorite thing is to watch the snow in this spot :)
This is great, thanks. If I ever get a cat, I'll definitely get one of those beds that I didn't know existed until just now.

Got lots of birds and squirrels and chipmunks and snow that the cat could watch out the back window.
So cozy
Oh that snow is beautiful. If it was snowing like that where I live in Northern California there would be a problem, many actually. Most of California is not built for snow.
what a cozy little angel <3
Bought my cat this same hammock. It's 1000% her favorite spot now.
If the camera was a bit more centered on the frame this would be super awesome animated wallpaper. Lovely though!
You shpuld post this on /r/oddlysatisfying. This is visual valium
Spatula.

Love it.
I love all in this video really beautiful! Spatula is splendid !
what a cutie!!
If you live in America and live where the big storm is hitting, please be safe!
Omg so cute
I would watch 5 hours of this
Where did you buy that!? We have two siblings, Guinness & Bailey! They love to lounge near the windows ..... 😍
I wish I was him.
I had a stray kitten that looked allot like that one but around 4-6 months old. Probably 1yr old now

Edit: It ran away though my mom let it outside.. 
Never came back
That has to be the oddest name for a cat I’ve heard today.
This is so calming.
Spat’s the man!
This is so relaxing to watch. I wish it was an hour long.
Can we get a low-fi spatula scene?
I would watch this over the holiday fireplace, this is r/oddlysatifying
Im not a cat person but this needs to be a live wallpaper
Love the name.  My friend had a cat named Food Stamps.  Just wanted to share.
Spatula. Love all of this.
This quality is amazing wow
You ever call him *Spatch* for short?
hello please if u care give me help, i am bad and i need help. i will make page in 1 hour or so, be patient and look my reddit profile
Looks like a postcard ♥️
That looks so cosy!
Not to be weird, but where is this? Like can you give the name of city? Looks like Vienna or Karlsruhe. Stunning!
Adorable. I miss living places where it snows.
OP do you live in Alberta by any chance?
I've been jealous of cats for a long time. They're either sleeping or mostly happy.
[deleted]
You mean until you go to bed and turn off the lights at which point he goes prowling around, right?
Spatula is a beautiful feline. Please send my regards and give him a few pats on the head for me.
Thanks for posting this. It brings back some great memories of New England and my best cat, Bubba.
I can almost hear the low-fi hip hop beats
Aww he’s beautiful and you named your cat spatula??
This is incredibly calming for me to watch... thanks for sharing!
If that isn't a sigh of sheer contentment, I don't know what is  <3
Is that a bed made of PVC pipes?
“Spatula” made my night
Awww he's so adorable
I would like to put this photo in a snow globe.
Great name!
I used to have a cat I named Skillet.
Aaand the bonus deep inhale at the end.
Lo-fi and chill cat
This brought so much joy to my heart. 

My first cat, and arguably my first love, was also named Spatula (RIP). She was probably the best creature I've ever met, let alone owned.

It makes me smile that other cats share her silly name.
Spatula the catula
Lofi Background this stat
My coworkers and I were just talking about this... one of them got a new cat and wanted to name her after a completely random inanimate object.

Her new name is flip-flop and she is super super sweet. ❤️
I’m having mountains of anxiety because of my insane workload and watching this was like a mini vacation. Thank you for sharing your cozy little Spatula with us!
As someone who has a cat names Dishes, I love your cat's name!
😻
I have never touched snow in my 24 years of life. I feel jealous and sad now. Lovely cat by the way.
My question is, did you also name your spatula Cat?
I can hear the purrs in my mind
I'm not sure what happiness is but this looks it!
This has lofi written all over it
Reminds me of a relaxing lo-fi hip hop 2-hours study mix video.... just me?
So peaceful
Can you send a link for the bed? Do you recommend it? Its attachable to a window yes?
I love cats
Aww he looks so cosy!!
r/cozyplaces
❤️❤️❤️
By looking at this picture, I swear , I can hear the quietness
That sigh of contentment at the end, how sweet 💜
Good
🤗🤗
🤗🤗
This would be wicked if it was an r/cinemagraphs
That's the good stuff right here. Really grounded me.
Beautiful!! We had a foster also named spatula, everyone said it was bad/silly but I LOVED the name for a cat. 
I'm so happy to know there's still a full time Spatula running around in this world☺️
That’s the cutest!
Aww, I love you Spatula!
When the cat is living a better life than me

 *sad third world noises*
This makes me all cozy and happy.
ahhhh my heart
https://youtu.be/2XbCWmY0eqY
:)
I kinda miss being snowed in, but I don't miss my joints blowing up like balloons. What a dilemma.

What a cute boi.
Where yall at
How is this not a lo fi video
Handsome fella
Loop this and put it on a Lofi mix please.
I love his name.
this is so soothing
It's Orion and the Galaxy is safe
This is a great representation of the romantic era idea of the sublime. Observing torrented nature from an area of comfort. Fantastic.
Awesome
What a life
Nice 🐱!
Someone make that cat into a lo-fi background
Sooooooooo cute
*Spatula*
That’s a great name
That was nice. Thank you.
I love Spatula. ❤😺❄❄☃️
Wish I was Spatula right about now
Best thing I’ve seen today. Thank you.
He is SO beautiful and looks like such a good boi.  That's a great seat for him!  Please give him a pet from me!! <3
Aww I hope he sleeps well
I was waiting for the big sigh, did not dissapoint.
He’d be good friends with my cats Biscuit, Gravy, and Flapjack.
I want this as a screensaver, so cozy!
Great name!
I have a Taffy and a Laffy I was only going to keep Taffy but they hung together so much I started calling them Taffy  Laffy  and ended up keeping both of them.
This is the most soothing thing ...
Never seen the snow. Wish I could have this shit happen in my country once a while
He’s so precious 😊
This is my new favorite pet name
Not sure if the view outside is pleasant or not, because of those strong lights
I have the same kitty hammock and mine is a smitten kitten...
/u/redditspeedbot 0.25x
u/savevideo
u/savevideo
What a great place for a nap
I gotta say I fucking love oddball names like this for pets regardless of what animal. Fluffy? Been there done that. Fido? Get real. Nala? Who cares. But fucking Spatula on the other hand
My grey tabby has been lounging in the same exact hammock during the snow today too!
“Awful snowy out”
I’m going to save this and have this be the last thing I watch before bed. Just pretending to be that cat in the cot on a cozy winter night. What a life you have given your cat OP.
u/savevideo
ILY SPATULA!
I can almost here him purring
Soo cute
what a good kitty ☺️
Say good night to my cat FORK
u/GetVideoBot
those eyes
Cute kitty
Love when a cat dose a deep sigh before going into a deep sleep.
You named your cat Spatula...?



...bless me with the secrets of your naming wisdom.
This is such a cozy scene, and Spatula is a beautiful boy.
That’s a really cute kitty
The cat is good in any weather🐈😊
This is so soothing. I love u Spatula
Please turn this into a video that is consistent. I would love this as a screen saver. Also if u added music I would literally purchase it.
Count spatula
I approve this most excellent name. I, too, oddly enough, was called Spatula before my birth.
Cats know the good life
Honestly, I’m a little jealous of Spatula.
“What better way to say ‘I love you’ than with the gift of a spatula?”
So peaceful ❤️
u/savevideo
hehe I got 420th award
This video put me in the Christmas spirit and yet it's February.
Oh dang, that's pretty cool. Snow is neat lol I forgot what snow falling looks like
r/cozyplaces
Missed an opportunity to name him Catula.
I have a cat named Spoon!
why didn’t you play Lofi in the background? I’m disappointed.
What the heck, Spatula looks EXACTLY like my cat Skittles
This could make a good wallpaper on wallpaper engine
Aww we got the same little window hammock thing for our kitty and she loves it.
He would pair up real nice with my son’s cat Pancake😻
Well....I don’t even like cats but....I wish I was a cat......
So magical
Need to crank down that frame rate
I like this
Lofi vibes
This video has cured my anxiety.
sweet snowboi 🥺
I love Spatula. He’s perfect in every way and the snowy background just makes him look more beautiful.
u/CaptionerBot
So cute😍 my cat sleeps exactly like that😊
Snow, snow everywhere and I just wanna sleep curled up
This is so beautiful and sweet.
Side note, I nicknamed my friend's cat Spatula because he has polydactyl paws!!!
SO CUUUUUUTE
To live perfectly
awww what a cool little dude :)
You should seriously put this to music and put it on YouTube for kids bedtime music.
This looks like the loop on a 24/7 Lofi hip hop stream
We had two cats when I was a kid, Fiffles and Bimtiddles. If there was a story behind these names, I wish I bloody knew it.
No cuddling and sleeping with humans
is there some sort of heat source out of frame? isn't the window too cold for spatula?
Fellow New Englander, huh?
get a 2 hour loop and put on repeat. so calming to watch
This makes a great zoom background
This need to be a live wallpaper
Someone should turn this into an 8bit looping gif.
u/savevideo
Nothing says cozy like a kitty snuggling in bed with the snow blowing outside his window. Spats (Spatula) is adorable!
Aw that looked like straight outta a film
Both are so beautiful, the snow and the kitty! Thank you for sharing.
Chillin
I have the exact same hammock (from Amazon) for my cat!
wtf he looks like my cat
So much light pollution.
I need a 10 hour cozy spatula video I can put on to drift to sleep please!
Adorable
How the hell do cats look so content and comfortable? 

I don't think I've looked this chilled out the past decade, definitely the past 4 years.
Love the name!
That’s a fuckin nice kitty right there
Spatula looks so comfy I hope he has a nice nap
u/savevideo
OH MY GOSH BABY
u/savevideo
Great vid!
What kind of name for a cat is that?
7/10: missing lofi hip hop beats to study to
There's something infinitely comforting about the way cats get themselves tuckedred in...
Gorgeous!
I love this so much
Ok look living in Hawaii is beautiful and all but god damn I really wanna be somewhere with snow...
Honestly, if this was a ten hour long YouTube video with snow sounds....it would be one of my favorites.
And best name ever award goes to... 🍴! Seriously, kitchen stuff is underrated, and taken for granted, even “Utensil” is kind of rad, ... risking the “tool” aspect of it. (No disrespect to those who admire 90’s band...🔧)🐈
This feels like a LoFi background cover
This looks like one of those animated wallpapers!
Sweet dreams lil kitty
This made me say aww out loud. Also, Spatula looks a bit like our girl [Admin](https://i.imgur.com/5UHHB5a.jpg)
This is such a beautiful, serene video ☺️❤️
I feel like this would be an awesome aninated wallpaper. It feels so calming.
This is the coziest video i have ever seen in my life.
Wish I could sleep like that
Oh my god, his name is SPATULA??? How is it possible to love a goddamn cat this much, just from his name?
This should be made into a twitch stream with some chill beats in the background
At Halloween do you call him Count Spatula and give him a little cloak?
Spatula is an adorable name. Can he flip pancakes?
L o f i
Oh the weather outside is frightful
But the fire is so delightful
Since we've no place to go
Let it snow, let it snow, let it snow…
cute!
Spatula is a girls name
I want a cat so much
Never thaught i want to be a cat so much
Idk why but I wished I lived in a place like this. Where you can look out the window to see other windows with other fellow people in them. I live alone. In a sad state. I wish I had friends
One year for Halloween I was Edward Spatula Hands.
this is so therapeutic can you please make more for us who are stressed.
I would sell my kidneys to be Spatula right about now
U/getvideobot
A great image to have in mind when nodding off to sleep.  Thanks for sharing
As a member of Earth I'd like to say to Spatula, here's my bank account number and all my earthly belongings. Do what you can noble feline.
Hello, Spatula.
How are those window hamocks for cats? I wanted to grab few for my cats but I am afraid that it will fall down and scare cats from using it anymore. How is the experience so far?
Cuuuuuuuute
Best cat name
This is so cute and beautiful at the same time!
Please post to r/oddlysatisfying
East Coast vibe.
Lofi cat
Could Patula BE more comfortable?
Like YULE log, cept now its.... MEOW log
This is the life I choose if I get reincarnated, thanks.
this is a perfect X-mas card!
Awesome filming
Isn't it cold af next to the glass?
Beautiful he was so cute
This should be the thing that pops up when you’re laptop goes to sleep. Like the pipes on windows XP
I am very impressed by this name
r/snowing
someone please turn that into a gif screensaver
I beg you
a must save video.
Literally an awwwww moment 🥺
The galaxy....is on....Spatulas belt.
Where is the lofi music?
Why's he called spatula?
He's perfect! 😍
already save. thanks
Spatula is a FANTASTIC name for a cat.
So peaceful.
How do I download this?
u/SaveVideo
The moment you understand what is beautiful you stop being a slave
Lo-fi better be coming out soon.
Lo-fi Spatula 9 hour version is when?
You guys get snow?
how do I download this?
Spatula is a good boy :)
So calming and a cute cat, thanks for sharing  (✿◠‿◠)
Lo-fi Cat-Nap to relax to
I think this is the definition of cozy
He’s so majestic 🥰✨
LETS GET 100K UPVOTES
Did you get him at Spatula City?
omg I would so put that as my desktop wallpaper if that was my cat that's an awesome take
Omg this video is so adorable
Get dat cat a blanie
This is so peaceful ❤
Oh wow snow I haven't seen it in so long....
What a picture 👍 ...lucky little guy!
I could watch hours of this... Spatula is gorgeous
So peacefull, makes me feel warm and calm. 
Love his name too.
Didn't know I needed this in my life. But omg did I
That could be a greeting card.
r/cozyplaces indeed
I feel like this would work well as a screensaver
awww my god! he's precious and his name is *chef's kiss.* i love naming pets strange and original names lol
Night boy going bunker mode
I wish this was 8 hours
Stay safe. About three weeks ago, my part of Texas got 8 inches in less than four hours. . . 

In a place where it gets 115F every summer. 

It was an exciting time to be a Texan.
Your In New York I assume
That's why I love cats
sometimes living in Australia sucks, only seen snow once on a mountain :/ im sure it gets annoying but its so pretty!
Spatula is a great name!
I just have a soft spot for animals named after every day objects 😍
Looks like the background of a lofi hip hop stream lol
Did you find him in a Spatula City parking lot?
u/savevideo
There’s something so satisfying about watching your cats/dog cozy up next to a fireplace when it’s snowing outside.
Quick question:  How high were you when you named that cat?
Damn, Spatula is living the life.
So peaceful! Give him a pet and a boop from me!
u/savevideo
Spatula is a dead ringer for my Mariska!
This would make a satisfying wallpaper on my phone.
this is the vibe I need
Jeez those suction window things actually hold a cat up? It must be a kitten my fat bastard shakes the big cat tree when he jumps onto it
Great name.
stay warm lil bud
That name! 😍
I had a friend in grad school whose cat was named Pancake. Those two should get together for breakfast!
I bought my cat that same bed.
It's a good day to be an inside cat.
He looks so absolutely comfortable.. such a good boy
How do you keep the bed from spontaneously unsticking from the glass 2hours later?
Omfg, my cat was a gray white and black cat named Spat too. Wutttttt. My cat Spat he was one of the best cats ever <3333
:3
What a great name
It's really beautiful. Congrats, you'll have a friend for life.
Flathead
This belongs on a Christmas card, or commercial or something. Wow.
Awhhhh so cute. This is relaxing to watch, better than the Yule log.
Your boy Spatula is living his best life
🥺🥺❤️
Such a good boy 🤣🙃
❤️ the name!
u/savevideo
This is one of the most relaxing things I have seen in awhile
I love weird pet names. I worked at an animal shelter and we tried to keep all the names of surrendered animals, and do an “aka” if we rename them. The only time we didn’t use an aka and just changed the name altogether was when someone surrendered a cat whose name was “dishwasher safe”. Spatula reminded me of that. Carry on, cozy cat.
S tier cat name.
Looks so cozy! 😻
Omg, cute name, and the ❄️🌨️ is bliss.
Cats are incredible at just looking comfortable as fuck and utterly content with the everything.
Why is that so fucking cozy lookin
What a dumb name, shame on you
Whereabouts is that?
