I just watched the lord of the ring movies and the hobbits and forgot the cast have actually grown up
Wait was it actually his daughter?
Nah 2001 was like 5 years ago at best.
It’s been twenty fucking years?

I’ll be at my daughter’s college graduation in 20 years... mind, blown.
I met Sean a couple of times over the years working at a convention, he was easy going and one of my favourite guests.
20 years? TIL I'm old as fuck.
Imagine being in Lord of the Rings AND graduating from Harvard.
They just look like the nicest people, don't they?
We miss you at Stranger Things Bob, please come back
LOTR was NOT 20 years ago! *pouts and stomps*
Damn she went to Harvard
Yeah but, is she or is she not a hobbit?
Can’t believe she didn’t go to the family alma mater of Notre Dame.
I wasn’t droppin no eaves sir!
Imagine your dad being Sean Astin.
Sam and Frodo were the best couple in Middle-Earth.
The number of people who must have asked her throughout her life if she’s into LOTR in casual movie or book conversation without even knowing...
I feel so fucking old now. I mean, lotr - in my brain - hit the cinema just yesterday. And it's new. And the special effects ... 20 years. holy shit.
TWENTY YEARS! suffer me, I feel wrinkly and old.
Please say Sean is as wholesome as he appears to be irl.
He turned into Patton Oswalt!
Wow, I feel so old now.
Awesome.  Sean Astin is one of the truly good guys in the biz.
Well now I feel old
He did not need to die in strange things.
She reminds me of Patty.
RIP Bob!
Sam wise the brave 👏
Can't fool me, I know Patton Oswalt when I see him
[deleted]
Wow when she was younger I thought she looked like him, but she literally has the same face as her mom.
20 years, you’ve got to be kidding me FML
As sweet as this is; All I can think is ‘Ah Fuck, I’m old!’
They look like such a normal family.
Wait, LotR movie came out 20 years ago?
What the hell?
Hommie has been crushing too many second breakfasts
Looks like his daughter was ‘wise’ as well ;)
I feel old.
Please say the degree was in classic studies focusing on Tolkien?
It REALLY bugs me to think of Sean Astin as an old man.
She graduated from Harvard. Damn !even hobbits are smarter than me.
Aww, that was his actual daughter in LOTR? Love it all
he seems like such a chill dude. i follow him on twitter. i love how connected the hobbits have stayed since the movies. always showing up on each other's social medias and it sounds like talk to each other a few times a month. they seem to have kept more of a connection then the adult actors it looks like. it was so nice to see them on that reunion zoom call last year though.. fuck man i miss those days.
Samwell! My favorite hobbit
OMG - she was adorable - still adorable AND beautiful!! :)
This guy is still acting after all these years, he’s made appearances in Supergirl
Don't you realize? The next time you see sky, it'll be over another town. The next time you take a test, it'll be in some other school. Our parents, they want the best of stuff for us. But right now, they got to do what's right for them. Because it's their time. Their time! Up there! Down here, it's our time. It's our time down here. That's all over the second we ride up Troy's bucket.
How’s that possible? Encino Man came out like, 5 years ago.
But Return of the King was 2003
Is it weird that I have a massive crush on Sean Astin ever since he starred in "50 First Dates" with Adam Sandler and Drew Barrymore?

I know he's old(er) now but DAMN!!!!
Wait was it actually 20 years ago?
Agreed
[removed]
Did you know Viggo broke his big toe kicking the orc helmet? I feel like no one ever talks about that.
No no no no... I'm not that old.
You know how great a guy Sean Astin is?  
He actually turned up to support old friend Corey Feldman in dude’s [“Ascension Millennium” video](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=hZ67H9JHAHM) and was totally game to act like his Goonies character in it. This was coming off of one of the greatest movie sagas in history and he could have easily just avoided it and been like “oh I never got your message” or whatever. But he shows up and isn’t winking at all. He’s there and he’s game to help a buddy out in spite of the entire thing being kinda goofy.
That was 20 years ago? Fuck😥
Oh my god I'm so old...
She studies at Harvard
20 years? Well thanks, now I feel old.
[deleted]
Weird how kids of rich parents are so much smarter than everyone else. /s
I feel so fucking old right now
Oh, that’s the guy who played Sgt. Knox in Brooklyn Nine-Nine.
Took me a while to recognize him. It's his actual wife in the scene too right?
Is that the perp from Brooklyn Nine-Nine episode Ticking Clocks?
Daughters: 

*Raise ‘em, praise ‘em, put ‘em through a school.*
Bob Newby ;-;
Bob Newbie: Superhero
Who?
Boil em, mash em, stick em in a stew
What do you mean **20 years**? The movie was released like a few years ago :(
20 years?  Oh my god
That was his actual daughter! Aw
Well don’t we all feel old now
Sean Astin was (and is) still the best casted actor in this trilogy.
Honestly, I want the Sean Astin diet; he seems to have just the right amount of overweight.
RUDY RUDY RUDY
I just realized he was in Brooklyn Nine Nine cuz I didn't recognize him 🤣
Ooohhhh, so he is that guy from the Ticking Clocks Brooklyn 99 episode. I knew ge was familiar but could never remember where from.
At first I was like, why did he attend the graduation of the girl who played his daughter in Lord of the Rings? That's kind of weird.
That was his actual daughter?
One could say he shared the load
Life when you don't wheeze the juice.
And on this day DrRubberDucky’s heart grew by at least two sizes
Gol darn! It’s been 20 years??????? I feel old!
What makes me feel especially old is thinking of him in Goonies.

Samwise is just the best, but I have always adored Sean Astin.
What do you mean 20 years later? That movie is just 3... no okay maybe 5 years old now.  
It was in the cinema's ehm... 

\*FML\*  \*Cries in old\*
She is her mom lol.
She graduated Harvard, but it would have been so good if she went to Norte Dame. 

*Rudy! Rudy! Rudy! Rudy!*
Harvard? She’s legacy for Notre Dame! Wth??
How has it been 20 years when it's only 2005??  Don't do this to me
Most underrated actor, his emotional portrayals are amazing, such a talented actor.
I was able to overhear him talking about how much he loved going to the comicons because it was his chance to interact with fans and a chance to give a little something back. He sounded genuinely sincere about it. He was very polite to the usher and seemed more concerned that the person escorting him around was comfortable more than he was about himself. I do not remember the exact conversation, but do remember being impressed with the way he carried himself in a candid situation where he did not know i was dropping eaves on his whole conversation.
I met the guy at a con one time. Genuinely a really nice guy, happy to be there
Look at that proud papa bear
Wow. Here with my daughter in arm who is about to turn 1 thinking about what 20 years from now will look like...

This last year was so fast. I have a feeling I'm about to start aging a lot more quickly.
It's great to see Hobbits getting these opportunities.
Did you know Viggo broke his big toe kicking the orc helmet? I feel like no one ever talks about that.
What do you mean 20 years ago? LOTR just came out a few year ago... oh no... oh god...
no that was not 20 years dammit
RotK didn't come out til December of 2003, so not quite 20 years yet. It still makes me feel old though.
Sean is working to get his own masters degree in public policy and administration right now. He’s a great guy.
I feel old
God I feel old
holy sheets im old...
Samwise Gamgee was the main hero of the story. And I'll die on that hill.
OMG Sean Aston is turning into Al Franken!
Well, ignoring all the snarky comments below.  Congratulations to all of them.   Raising a kid is hard, getting into Harvard probably isn't all that easy either.
Wait, that was 20 years ago?! Damn... Now I feel old
This was 18 years ago. Return of the King was released in 2003
Samwise is 1000x better than Frodo.
I actually “aww”ed for the first time aloud. Sweet.
Whenever someone says the quote "One does not simply walk into Mordor" 

Does she reply with "My dad and his mate literally did!"
Wtf that was 20 years ago?
Po-ta-toes
Wait, if LotR is 20 years old...then that means the first Harry Potter movie is also 20 years old. All of those kids are now old enough to send their own kids to Hogwarts.
It’s great to see Gomez Addams’s granddaughter all grown up.
At first I was like "That pic isn't from the Goonies" then I remembered the '80s weren't 20 years ago.  Fuck I'm getting old...
Rudy !!!
Forget it, Rudy. You’re too short to be a father.
Didn’t he die when the Stranger Things monster caught him
My eyes are getting moist (and, no, it's not because the Tiger Mom in me just saw a Harvard diploma). Ali's wide-eyed expressions as Elanor in LOTR were for me and my husband the best scenes. I can't get over that she's all grown up <sobs>!
Holy fuck I'm old. I was 21 when the first movie debuted about twenty minutes ago. I'm 40 now.
Hey what I thought movie was fiction wow
Education paid for by One Eyed Willy.
Rudy let his daughter go-to Harvard?!
B-but it hasn’t been 20 years since.. oh my God.
It's been 20 years... well shit...
She ever found one eyed willy's gold though?
I feel old.
r/FuckImOld
Can you believe that was the same dude that wore that mesh nipple shirt from 50 first dates
Oh my god it’s been 20 years? Jesus I feel old all a sudden.
20 years?!?! How fucking old am I?!?!
A beautiful story of imagination, he went on an adventure across the land with not much more than the cloak on his back and snacks, Lots of snacks, And now his little girl has graduated university. Probably the first hobbit to get in to Harvard.
Bob deserved better
Sean looks so much like his wife, they could be siblings!
This one hit different...
Aww that’s great she went to Harvard
Pog Champ
Harvard: Oh your dad and/or you have been in a AAA movie —
#✅ Accepted
I wonder how she got into Harvard
Oh look another celebrity who paid for their kids diploma from a Ivy League school. I wonder how much in “donations” it took.. 🤔
Great, now I feel old. Although it is less than 20 years, Fellowship was 2001, Return was December 2003.
boo-hoo you went to hardvard so what? your father saved the middle earth
How much did he pay to get her admitted to Harvard?
She should have went to Notre Dame
[removed]
So Sean Astin basically wouldn’t exist in Hollywood if his mom wasn’t Patty Duke. She was SAG president and a monster movie/tv star. Influence begets influence.
So was she a pay for graduation child as well?
How can anyone respect Harvard degrees anymore when they know that everyone getting in is from money and not being actually smart?
All those second breakfasts really caught up to him
She gawt into Hahvahd. She must be wicked smaht
He’s had a lot of second breakfast!!!
I would like a fact check.. this movie came out like 6 years ago
That lesbian couple raised a beautiful girl
I didnt even know that this guy from bigbang theory was actually sam
Holy shit, I just realized that I wasn't even a teenager when the first movie came out... wtf has happened with the last 2 decades? YOH
Wow
Wait it’s 20 years. WTF I feel old now 😢 thanks OP
Thanks for reminding me watch the triology again😎

Crazy how fast time flies
Would've been great if Rudy's kid went to Notre Dame instead of Harvard
That is heartwarmingly wholesome.
I felt so old.....
wait sam is agent koenig?
This man in 50 First Dates is incredible.
HEY YOU GUUUUUYYYSSS!!!
A hobbit family
Rudy! Rudy! Rudy!
Things like this always make me realise im getting old =/
time flies
So he turned into Elton John
Geez now I really feel old!
I just learn today that i am as old as lotr movie. Make me a little happy but also sad as the realization of how old i am  just hit me now.
Rudy Rudy Rudy Rudy! Rudy!! Rudy!!! Rudy!!!!
what?? 20 years!?!?
Rosie Cotton sure looks taller.
That's awesome! Love that!
She is a gardener I too?
I guess we know who's going play Bill Barr in the movie.
Oh fuck, he’s starting to look like Bill Barr 😕
Would have thought she would have gone to Notre Dame
Wow, he looks just like Samwise Gamgee.
He was really dating out of his league on Stranger Things.
Wait what, 20 years already? That can't be... That must mean I'm ... old...
I saw Sean Astin in the title and was very worried he had just died
That man is a legend in his own right
I feel old
Ofcourse the hero of LOTR's daughter went to harvard :p
Rudy! Rudy! Rudy!
I figured she would have went to Notre Dame. Every time I see this guy I can’t help but start chanting Rudy! Rudy! Rudy!
Rudy!
He’s a clone. Q said so.
That’s Rudy... she is a disgrace graduating from Harvard.
A very emotional thing to watch.
That’s the most normal looking family I’ve ever seen.
In 2004 I taught her the hand jive when I worked at The Lion King show. Now she’s a Harvard graduate. Putting that on my resume for sure.
Makes me feel old 😅
I didn't know that was his actual daughter. With fiction, I always assume they used some other parent's children.
We miss Bob.
Now he can finally sail to Valinor.
adorable
I’m heading to the grey hair havens.
Harvard and not Notre Dame? Oh Rudy.
FYI, my 18 years old daughter doesn’t want to watch LoTR trilogy for the simple reason that she “doesn’t like old movies”. Where old = before she was born
man Im only 18 and this makes me feel old lmao
Ooohhhh Sam
Ever since the fall of Mordor, hobbits have really come a long way, they even have their own harvard business school
Changed a lot  from his LotR days
Didn't know she went to school in Boston
Meanwhile Elijah wood is still frozen in time
Lol I can’t see Sean Astin as anyone else except Bob the Brain from Stranger Things
Sean Astin permanently living in character as Bob Newby here
Sean Astin is the biggest cutie in the second pic I think we can all agree.
Wow a whole family of hobbit sized humans.
They walk alike, they talk alike...
Huh they both have seemed to age really well
I think, and I’m biased, but this guy has had the most successful career ever. 

Mikey in Goonies

Rudy

Sam in LOTR

Harry Reems’ body double in Deepthroat. 

He’s had a great run
Damn I am old :(
This guy is Rudy. Idk any Sean
Wait! That was his real kiddo?! Awwww!!
He kind of looks like he's wearing older person make-up. Like in the Harry Potter movie epilogue.
Congrats “Eleanor” ;)
[r/lotrmemes](http://www.reddit.com/r/lotrmemes)
Who ate all the lembas bread
RUDY! RUDY! RUDY!
He looks like Patton Oswalt's younger, Christian brother.
Imagine meeting her father for the first time

- his face looks familiar...
- were th have I seen him...

- no freaking way!!!!
Very Good!
What happened to Rosie????
Sweet
I remember him for the Goonies rather than Lotr
Oh Samwise you did good
Fuck, im old ...
I love him 🥺
Three hobbits's I see
The real hero of LOTR
I SWEAR sir I wasn't droppin no eves. Samwise gamjee
Had to do a double take because i could have sworn that was patton oswald
Wow. Hobbits really are just like us. College and everything
Rudy!
Awww. They both grew up!
Am I crazy, or did anyone else think that this was Paton Oswald at first? Lol
I can cry whenever I want. 

All I have to do is think about that scene at the end of Fellowship, when Sam would rather drown than see Frodo go off alone.
Makes me feel old ha
Feel old yet?
Is that Willow?
Damn
Wait I thought we we in the 90s still lol
Wheezing the juice.
Fuck me I’m getting old
Sean Astin is an underappreciated treasure
Which one is him ?
We did it Mr Frodo, she graduated!
She should’ve gone to Norte Dame
Is the pic cropped on purpose so u cant see the hairy hobbit feet? She looks fine on this but remember...those feet can carry u all the way to mordor.

The fk did i just post
Doug, once again, off the juice.
he and his wife look like brother and sister
Can’t believe she didn’t go to ND
[removed]
I can’t believe she didn’t go to Norte Dame
Is the women on his right his wife or mom?
God bless you Samwise my friend!
I never knew that. How sweet.
Must be nice
My god Sam you’ve gotten older... wanna know what your absence has caused? 

Frodo’s bloody posies to die
*hits pipe*
Wow! She's a spitting image of her mom!
Not quite 20 years ago. Nice try tho.
Po-ta-toes!
Fuck I'm old
She's a stone cold stunner!
That’s actually his daughter? Was it actually his wife?
I want to see more stories like this in celebrity news. Cant upvote this enough.
Waaaaaait a second. That doesn't look like Rosie Cotton...
I just need to know why his wife is wearing a chainmail? Imminent threats nearby?
B-but Return of the King came out at 2003..
Sneaky little hobbitses
Wow, I feel so old now.
20 years later?! 

God damn I'm old.
Ouch getting old
So his daughter is married to a woman? That's cool
Fuck I'm old 😔 knock knock knocking on 30s door
R.I.P Bob..
You mean to tell me her father is Rudy and she didn’t get a free ride to Norte Dame?
nice
Wait, that was HIS daughter in the movie?
Rosie looking great too

Wait
I didn't follow him after LOTR was surprised to see him in Stranger things
Fuck im old
Wait, did he actually marry Rosie?
Jesus, she went to Harvard and I went to watch return of the king for a 100th time.
This is the most wholesome thing I’ve ever fucking seen.
She literally looks EXACTLY like her mom
They both are still looking good. Btw, who's that guy on the left, though?
So adorable..wished that was me, lost my parents the same day ☹️☹️☹️.
Omfg... I’m becoming old... omg...
She looks like her grandmother:)
You're telling me Rudy's daughter didn't go to Notre Dame?!

/s
Who's the kid in the graduation outfit?
Rudy Rudy Rudy Rudy
Dang, I was watching 50 first date the other day too. He was So young
She didn’t go to Notre Dame like her dad??
Can’t believe she didn’t go to Norte Dame....would have gotten a full scholarship and then some for everything he’s done for that university
Samwise is the fucking man. Watching the trilogy over right now, and he's about to fuck with Shelob.
When did Harvard start allowing Hobbits?  That’s madness.
Wholesome AF
God Bless!
He hasn't changed a bit, and his daughter is still a cutie.
Thats amazing I had no idea that was his real daughter!
He’s prob upset she didn’t do to Notre Dame
“Comment that’s wittier than the rest and gets all the votes”
No please 😭 time, please stop 😭
They grow so much...
What did she study?
I remember waiting every christmas to watch the movies, time sure does fly in middle earth because it's only been 5 years...right...right guys?
[removed]
Holly Flax is his daughter?
What a cheeky family
Being 2001 feel so old
LOTR was filmed in the 90’s. And I love saying that fact to people.
What if we do really find one eyed Willie and all his rich stuff!!??
I once thought this guy was the voice of Remy from Ratatouille
Rosie Cotton does not look the same at all.
I only know Rudy😌
Fuck, I was a teenager when LOTR came out. TWENTY YEARS??
was that his real daughter in the movie?
WHY WOULD YOU ATTACK US LIKE THIS?!?
Does his daughter get any royalties for starring in the movies? 

Like some sort of double dipping
Rudy!!!
I thought only elves doesnt age
I didn’t know Rudy had a kid
20 years...
Wow! I can't believe this is Sean Astin.
Wait was his wife also his wife from the movie?
*Sam and his daughter*
Dayum, Harvard. Get it girl!
😍
Congratulations!
My god. How the hell was that 20yrs ago.
Question: does she get any $$ from the movie royalties? Do movies have royalties ?
Oh so I see they’re just giving out Harvard degrees to any Hobbit’s kid now... save middle earth from destruction and chaos one time and everything is handed to you
Wait, what‽  Harvard? Not Notre Dame?  He spent so much time trying to get in. 🤭
Gandalf: " you haven't aged a day"
Wait, why does Sean Aston look so old?
Ahh fuck I’m old.
He must be aging in dog years
20 years?! Jesus fuck.
It was all a lie hobbits do grow bigger
Wait it’s been 8 years?!
They look like such a sweet family.
TIL his mom was Patty Duke and his step dad is John Astin. Had no idea.
It appears Mom won the 'looks like me' argument.
Wait he looks like patten oswald
Bob
POTATERS
Goonies never die!
20 years old and still the most well done fantasy movie/trilogy out there.
How disappointed he must have been. She didn't go to notre dame
So sweet ❤️
He looks so old. OMG I feel older now
Is there any actor who seems nicer than Sean Astin?  I have no idea if he is actually nice in real life, but in character in interviews he just always seems overflowing with kindness and compassion.  Seems like a really great guy.
Twenty years ago? Already?
I forgot how old these movies were
Oh my fucking God, I'm old.
Wait that was his daughter in lotr??
He's taller than I expected.
Just got a holy crap I’m old feeling
He looks a bit like Al Franken. Anyone?
Awe how cool.
Finally graduated out of the shire.
Can’t believe she didn’t go to Notre Dame. That would have made Rudy so proud
this has killed me. i am now dead.
Bob The Superhero!!
I would have thought Rudy’s daughter would go to Notre Dame.
Holy shit that’s fucking cool.
I once was a counselor at a Girl Scout weekend camp where Sean Astin brought his daughter!! Pick up / drop off were very exciting.
both grew up!
I can't tell if movies are aging better or if I'm getting old, or both. Like as a kid I had no interest in a lot of 20 year old movies, but a good amount of movies from 2000s are still watchable
I keep reading that "Seen"
When I read this I actually said ‘Awww!’ In my head!  
True story!
He's definitely one of the good guys.
Omg...
seriously time fly by
What? I thought LOTR was fiction?
Her nose was so cute back then and it still is now
Is this bill barr?
Probs last thing I saw him in was Rudy...so
She got out of the Shire and into Harvard.
Boil em , mash em , stick em in a stew, marry em...
PO-TA-TO!!
Bro every time I see him I only think of 50 first dates lmaoooo
20 years ago. Fuck off! how dare you. no no no no. nup. no thanks. i'm just going to calmly compartmentalise that and forget it forever.
Wow, this just reminded me, how fast I'm getting old
same person on both pictures?
She's still cute
Ah. So thats why it hurts when i get out of bed
She didn't go to Notre Dame?!
God damn time, it disappears without notice.
From Sam to Bob: an Astin's journey
WHO is this old guy on the lower picture?
PO

TA

TOES
Harvard
Thought that was Patton Oswalt in the bottom picture for a second!
Damn bruh Harvard IS ACCEPTING HOBBITS NOW!? I guess affirmative action IS real. Smdh....
Sorry, WHAT school did she go to????
I didn’t know that was his real daughter in the film!
Hobbiton PO-TA-TOES do make children smart. Sam kid got into Harvard for eru ilúvatar sake
Goonies, so long ago I feel old
Poe-ta-toe
I love Sean Astin so much.
2 decades.

2 effing decades.

How much more do I have left....

Damn it!
It has not been 20 years you fucking liar!!
I guess him and Rosie didn’t work out.
Gol darn! It’s been 20 years? I feel old!
Daughter: Hi I would like admittance to Harvard please, my dad is a celebrity.
Admissions: Say no more fam
Good God, I'm so old now 😂
As a real hobbit, I am Disgusted that they let a non hobbit play this role. 

Also as an anorexic I am pissed about Bale playing one in the Mechanic
He looks different from his Stone Cold days.
Love.
I had a big crush on Cath- er, Patty.
Wonder if they money helped..
I just watched the lord of the ring movies and the hobbits and forgot the cast have actually grown up
Thank fuck she got mother's smile.
She is still a cutie, i always got the decent person vibe from him.
How old am I?
TWENTY!?
I’m old now. Thanks for this.
Noway. It has not been 20 yes pls 😳😱👵🏻
Of course she went harvard :p
Look at who is wearing the robe now!
I feel old now
20 Years?!? Fuck I'm old.
The real hero in the story
I love Spam & Reeses, can I have it?
That wasn’t 20 years ago. It was only a couple years ago. Right? RIGHT??
He did it he went on an adventure
holy shit, that was 20 years ago?!?!
Such a cutie... his daughter and wife aren't bad looking either.
Wait, that movie was 20 years ago. FFS im old :(
Harvard?? Thought she would’ve gone to Notre Dame like her dad
Sean aging gracefully, one of my top 10 faves in Hollywood
“I can’t do you homework for you. But I can carry you!”

*epic LOTR music*

Many years later

“Dad stop you’re going to throw your back”
Ahhh so THAT’S what Sean Aston looks like!
He looks like my uncle Bob
That baby Hobbit has a degree from Harvard?
She was in ‘Rudy’ with him?! Well I’ll be damnd
Aww his precious.
Rudy got old.
aaaand, I feel old.
Absolutely love the music that plays during that scene, when he returns to his home in the shire, and holds his daughter.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SkyeB9S54AY

It's my favourite piece of music in the whole trilogy.
Bob!
It’s nice to see three generations in one photo like this. Beautiful.
ALL ABOARD THE MIDLIFE CRISIS MOBILE!
Omg I'm so old
Must have been the......po...ta...toes!!
How cool would it be to know that your grandfather is the original Gomez Addams?
Oh, Sam . . .
It’s been 20 years?!?!! :O


Man I’m getting old
He was offside.....
Harvard?! Okay Sam wise, seems like you held onto the ring the whole time
This is beautiful, but also makes me feel as old as Gandolf 😂😭 this feels like it was only a few years ago in my mind
So sweet
Wait that movie didn't come out that long ago did it? Oh my God I'm old
Bob
Well this didn’t make me feel old
TIL Sean Astin's daughter was in the LOTR epilogue
Would have been a better picture if she graduated from notre dame.
I'm 25 but feel old
Rudy didn’t send his daughter to Notre Dame? Shocking!
Sean Astin looks like the nicest guy ever
Looks like he been eating good.
Holy crap I feel old.
The round face genes are strong in this one.
Wait. Waaaaaait!....THAT'S NOT ROSIE COTTON! SAMWISE, YOU CHEATING SCUM!!!!
Thats a really smart hobbit!
They both got so much taller.
That’s one smart hobbit
Awww. Now I feel old. 20 years apart??
This is the appropriate sub for this :)
Fuck. I’m old
Raise em, praise em, put em' through a school.
Oh snap, Harvard!
Ive been alive too long.
LOTR is HOW OLD!? But it just came out... I remember watching it in the cinema 🥺
Hey, wtf!! That’s not Rosie!
That movie is 20 years old!!!!???!?!?!
OH MY GOD IM OLD. Are you telling me that the last LOTR movie was 20 YEARS AGO? no.. nononono
...as he and his wife become the same person.
You don't notice old age creeping on you, not until you see a post like this.
They all look like the same person
TIL that was his actual daughter
Damn he is a thick boi
