When my wife and I were dating, she would call me when she was on her way over and I would always go in the living room and wait. My dog at the time, Toby who sadly passed away a few years ago, would always start getting super excited. He always knew when she was coming over based on what I would do. Even though he was old and had a hard time moving around he would always get up and get excited for her. It was adorable because she had never had a dog but always wanted one and he loved the crap out of her. When we moved in together, we made it a month before we got our own dog.
I lost my doggo and cat, 15 and 19 respectively, during lockdown last march, so this honestly hits on a different level. They're just adorable btw

Edit: i didn't expect for this comment to blow up like this, thank you so much everyone for all the kind words. Lizzy (the dog) had an heart condition, so she was already pretty battered. Minou (the cat) well, she was just old. They died 4 days apart, i like to think they couldnt stay away from each other for so long. I miss them so much, but thats life, and honestly it was a good ride.
Pets are the best. I always tell my husband that no one will ever be more excited to see me than our dog is when I come home. They are just so sweet and pure.
Thank you all for your generosity! The awards, the wonderful comments, and the laughs!
My dogs can hear my car and my sisters car coming down the street and go absolutely insane when we are pulling into the driveway. One of them can tell whose car is who and will get my car mixed up with my neighbors truck. He will give me the most concerned look when he hears it like "oh you're home...*but you're already here*?"
I was not emotionally prepared for this picture 🥺🥺
My dog in the morning when I used to leave for work, I would tell her “I’m leaving, come say bye.” And she’d jump up on the arm of the sofa next to the door and I’d love on her and tell her to be a good girl, take care of everyone, keep an eye on everyone. And you could tell she was listening and taking it in. I’d walk out the door and I’d see her little head poking through the curtain watching me leave. 

And then coming home, she knew around 4:30 to start looking for me, so she’d climb back up on the couch and look out the window for me. and I’d pull in the driveway and she’d freak out. And I have to come in and fuss over her and love all over her or she won’t stop barking lol.
Remember to give your pets a hug and appreciate their love no matter their age. 

I think I used to read these type of posts and sort of unconsciously assume how long my pets would live....like “hey sure, maybe my cat won’t reach 17 like some of those old timers, but he’s at least got a good 10 years in him right?”  I was sort of subconsciously setting my expectations. 

Last week we unexpectedly lost one of our two cats (brothers) before he reached the age of 4. Sudden cardiac arrest, no warning, no cure. I held him as he went. He was scared, and I tried to comfort him. 

It was devastating. I’m pretty messed up about it. Please hug and love your pets no matter their age. Life is fragile and precious, please appreciate it.
Those are some loving fur-grandparents <3
Omg the feels. I used to have a shiba who knew when I was driving up. My mom said a few minutes before I actually showed up, she would do her shiba scream and run around... apparently she could hear my car lol. My mom said she would only do this with me. I miss that crazy dog. She made our neighbors thing we were murdering her every time I came home 😅
That's awesome.

We fostered a cat for a bit that would run to the window about 5 minutes or so before the time my wife would generally get home from work, wait for her to come in through the door, and then promptly ignore her existence.

It was cute and hilarious at the same time.
I worked nights when I was a kid. Our dog slept on my parents floor and every morning right at 6.30a held get up and go sit on the fourth from the bottom step where he had an unobstructed view out both the living and dining room windows, and the driveway. He'd sit there and wait for me to come home, which was usually just a couple minutes later.

He'd be by my side until I fell asleep then he'd leave and hang with the rest of the family but he'd return to my bed just before I'd wake and be by my side until I left for work.

On Saturdays I had to work during the day and I'd always come home to find a dog shaped imprint on my bed.

He was such a good and devoted boy. I miss him.
Aww. I love this. I can't imagine a better welcome when walking up to the door. 😊
What did we say about making me cry on Saturday?!
This is too precious
You should frame that!!
I love this. There’s no better time of day here than when I ask my dog “do you want to come get the kids with me?” 

I take her with me, and go do school pick ups and by the time we are home the cats have gathered to wait for us - my daughters tabby waits at the top the of the stairs, and my sons black kitty leans over the balcony for them.
This behavior from the pets says a lot about your son. They've known nothing but love and it makes my heart happy
When my son was a baby, my parents took him over night to give my husband and I a break. Our dog paced all night, crying, searching all the rooms for him. It’s funny because we didn’t think she liked him at all for the longest time. Now, if he isn’t home she still walks around looking for him and is so relieved when he walks in the door.
That's a very nice exterior door!
U should post a video of him coming home to them. Wonderful picture.
Went to college when "my" cat was 6. First time I'd ever been gone more than like a week, and it was a few months before I returned home. It was a funny experience for the cat, because he didn't recognize me at first, and was the happiest I ever saw him once he realized it was me. Like he had just decided I'd been gone too long and wasn't coming back or something, so it earth-shattering when I DID come back and changed that notion.

Anyways, he lived till he was 16, and was always super excited when I came home, and eventually got to where my mom would just tell him I was coming and he would start checking the door. We had a long enough driveway that the cats could tell when one was coming up it (vs driving down the road), so he was always waiting at the door when I came in. For 10 years, whether I was coming home from college, or after I moved out, or even just walking out to check the mail after I moved back in for a bit.

Pets are awesome.

BEST part? Our back door has sliding blinds, that you can open from the top or bottom, so we could open a foot at the bottom and let the cats look out, so sometimes my mom would let my cat look out just like this.
I just lost my 15 year old cat a couple weeks ago. He used to always greet me at the door, every day. Even when he got old and his hips got bad, he’d haul his old bones up to see me. 

I miss him every day.
U/JonesMommy I NEED a reunion pic.
Yep, that’s adorable!!
Those are 2 long-time friends waiting for another long-time friend 🙂
We resisted getting a new front door for years because our twin Corgis waited for my father like this.

Later, when my mother would babysit her grand-daughters, our Labrador-Pointer absolutely fell in love with said grand-daughters, and got to the point where she would actively make sure people were up at the right time on specific days to greet said grand-daughters.

I'd be awoken by a dog leaping on my bed, so she could see out the window to watch for her girls.
All I have to say to our dog is "daddy's coming" and she'll get up and wait by the door. The cats are still learning English. They'll get there
My papas doggy used to do this with me. He’s always say “she knows when her boy is here and freaks out” and she did. I love that dog, she’s always been my bud. Anyways l, when he passed away he asked if I would mind taking her. So, now I’ve got that little dog who used to wait for me. She’s always with except when I am at work. Currently she’s on the couch with my cousin who’s having rough time at home with his wife. She’s just very sweet and I am glad she kinda chose me.
Don’t take this the wrong way, but this is my new screensaver.  Both of their silhouettes look like my favorite and most dear to me pets.  A black cat named cobra (aka Derp) and my golden named Charlie.  Both I lost too young,  this makes me insanely happy and brings back good memories. Thankyou
Brothers from another mother.
Love!
❤
So much wholesome
So sweet!
My heart
10/10 Very adorable, would cry again.
The best greetings in the world are from your pack ... our sixty pound chihuahua, Lucy, absolutely flips her shit when I’ve been gone for a few days or longer ... she races around telling everybody I’m home and I get down on the floor and she races around my head sneaking in kisses and then finally jumps in my left arm crook (her spot) and throws her head against my chest and makes all kinds of happy noises ... it that doesn’t warm your soul, you don’t have one ..!
Really lovely
OOOoooooooh it is very very very cute!! Thank you for sharing :)
I love everything about this post. Everything.
That's one of the sweetest photos I've seen in a long time.
Definition of unconditional love in one photo.  Made me happy to see this :)
Most people will never have a human in their life as happy to see them come home  as those 2 pets
“Is lil’ hooman coming home soon?”
The deserves to be in r/wholesome
My dogs all know that when my roommate’s text notification rings that I’m on my way home, or I am home. They perk up and all look to the front door like “...dad?”
I LOVE this
Ours have figured out that Alexa will notify them if someone is at the door.  They now don't prowl the front door,  they let their assistant notify them.
This is the best. Made me happy. 

I’m 30, my childhood pup was 17.5 years old (or about that), and we had to put her down this week. This made me think of her and smile, shitty week, I’m glad the two love your son. That bond is something we really take for granted, this is a great pic.
 Some might be interested in Rupert Sheldrake’s book, Dogs that Know When Their Owners Are Coming Home, describing experiments where dogs were watched when the owners were sent away for a few days. Neither the owners nor the watchers knew exactly when the owners would be coming home. Many dogs reacted at the exact moment the researchers (who weren’t the same as the “watchers” in the homes) called the owners to tell them to go back home.
I also have an almost 16 y/o dog and 17 y/o cat. This made me tear up. <3
This post was the most awarded across all of Reddit on February 6th, 2021!

^(I am a bot for )^[/r/TopPostOfTheDay](/r/toppostoftheday) ^( - Please report suggestions/concerns to the mods.)
I also do the same, waiting for my father. He went to buy cigarettes...
Plot twist: her sons name is Chance
This is love ❤
That’s just gorgeous. ♥️♥️♥️
that’s the cutest thing I’ve seen today! love it! 🥰👍🏻
It IS adorable, and I am grateful that you shared.🥰
My pups hear my car when i pull to the house, and they’re always right behind the door waiting for me
This love.  Makes me cry 💙😢
This is a beautiful image. It needs to be made into art or painted! PM me your name and address and I’ll make it happen. 🥰
Cat: Can you hear him yet?
My wife calls every day once she's left work. Every time my phone rings, our 1 year old pup gets excited and starts looking out the window. He knows his momma is on the way home
I send an announcement through Alexa to tell my dog I’m on my way home
I miss having buddies to wait for me at home, 2020 was such a shitty year but even when it's over, I still find it very hard to remind myself that they won't come back.
You’ve got a dog. You don’t need to alert him to when someone’s coming home. Dogs magically know.
I would always call my girlfriend when I'm on my way home from work at the same time everyday.  My dog would then go to the bedroom becsuse its the closest room to the road and he knew exactly what my truck sounded like despite living in the city with non stop vehicles driving by.

He passed away in June 2020.  Dogs are too good for us
I've noticed a few requests of pictures when they reunite. I will definitely post next week!
My parrot, my dogs and my cats but especially the parrot seems to know when one of the household is is going to be pulling in. they know when they are probably about an eighth to a quarter of a mile away... they start freaking out. I do know it's way too far away for them to be able to hear it audibly
That's pretty cool.
What a great pic.  Needs to be cropped and framed
This is that consistent feeling, of gentle longing, to see a loved one after long tiring day, everyday of your life, filled with love that’s lasted a lifetime, almost like calmly sailing into the sunset, knowing that you’ll all always have each other..
What an adorable family dynamic all around.
🥺💕
I thought the dog was wearing a hat until I realised it was his ears
This feels straight out of a Pixar film
They are adorable.
True love ❤❤❤
It is adorable! Those are the small moments we keep close to our heart that make us so happy even if for a fleeting moment !
This is adorable
Print this and frame it! Good family photo!
Adorable
"Is he coming yet?!"
"He said he will be here in 10 minutes, chill"
...
"Is he coming yet?!"
"It's been 10 seconds!"
I always tell my dogs when their Dad is on the way home, so they can get ready. The dogs always get greeted first, which is how it should be.
My daughter's cat knows exactly what time she is close to the house daily. She walks home from school and reaches our block at about the same time each day. He'll go to the door and scream to be let out.

One day I was curious as to why... everyday...he begged to go outside at the same time. I let him out then watched him from the window. He ran to the front yard and his under my car until I could see my daughter at the end of the road. Then he ran out and up to her and they walked together. 

I never noticed before that day. On rainy days he'll sit by the front window and stare out. On days she's later, he'll sun himself on the front porch. But he's always excited for her to come home. It's so freaking cute.
Could I suggest you make a small print and frame this for him? It’s a powerful image of love on many levels.
My neighbors used to watch my kitten when I was at work. But little dude learned the sound of my car and would freak out, meowing up a storm and climbing the screen door when he would hear my car pull up. According to my neighbors, he'd play with them, their cats, nap, and generally be happy and content when I'm gone, but freak tf out whenever he heard my car.
When I started dating my now wife, she had this amazing chocolate lab who would run out the door and almost take me out at the knees because he was so excited to see me. Without fail for 9 years he did it. We got married in November of 2020 but he died in November of 2019. We always said he would be in our wedding.
This photo is art. Blow it up and frame it, OP.
Who else needs this in their life right now??
We don't deserve these animals... 😭😭😭😭
Why the choose to hide the upvotes on some posts I don’t understand. Cute pic though
So they go crazy with excitement when they see him?? I love this!
It’s incredible how they always know when someone is coming home. I can always see my little dachshunds head peeking above the door glass when I pull up and it never fails to make me smile.
I can't even begin to imagine how much must they love your son... ❤❤
Awwwwww we don't deserve animals :3

I had a really gorgous bunny girl in my room (free roaming) and whenever somebody was coming home, she would stand and wait until they entered my room to welcome them. 

She is not alive now, but she was the best :3
Such a beautiful picture.
This is everything
This is so cute!!
r/MasterReturns
The gate is enough for the cast to get through.

The fact that the cat knew that they were better off behind the gate instead of running out tells us the incredible amount of love your family had given them.
this reminds me of something my mom used to tell me about my cat. 

throughout my teens and early twenties i constantly went to concerts. i could easily be out of the house for at least 5 hours. what i didn't know was that my cat would freak out when i was out for that long. 

my mom eventually let me know that my cat would be meowing nonstop and would be in my room wondering where i was. when i realized that that was happening, i felt awful. i was outside having fun, but my cat was stressed out without knowing where i was or if i'd come back.
This picture = visual aid of unconditional love. ❤
Family goals 😍💯❤️👌🏻🌏
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
This is excellent!
So awesome
Cat: "I do hope his test went well."

Dog: "Oh yes indeed, quite."
Is he there yet???
What a beautiful picture. It’d be awesome if it was enlarged and framed. Pets just make you live
I’ve never seen a post with this many rewards. Deserves it.
Starting to think this whole human superiority to other animals is as much bs as the myth of American exceptionalism.
True Love Waits..........
Making a print of this and framing it will warm your heart forever when the world seems cold and uncaring.
frame-able - esp since they're getting on in years... a beautiful photo with great soul
Dog*
I said we crying today but I'll have to book it for another time
Meanwhile my cat does a similar thing, but with everyone. He'll sit by the door if he hears a car door outside, and as soon as someone walks in he's yelling at them and gesturing frantically, the best a cat can, that his food bowl is empty and needs to be refilled immediately or he'll starve. Even if said food bowl is very clearly not even half empty..
Cat! Wake Up!   
What is it Dog. I'm sleeping.   
You're always sleeping. Wake up! The Portal is open! The Master is coming.   
The Portal is open? Oh! I'll be right there!
My bf tells me our cat sits and stares at the sliding glass door where he can see my car pull up when I come home from work every day. But when I start to walk up to the front door he likes to run away and pretend he wasn’t waiting lol
My parent's Springer Spaniel would always watch us kids leave for school in the morning, and would always go over to the door to watch us come home. Even at the end, when his back legs fused together and he could barely stand, he'd always limp over to watch.
I’m crying. What a lucky human boy, to have such good furry parents as these.
Omg parenting goals 🥰
More like there is no son and OP broken in to someone’s house  and put the owners taxidermy cat and dog by the door for Karma lol hahaha
fuck man.. that shit is gonna hit like a punch from mike tyson when they tell you it's time go.. fuck bro wishing you and your family nothing but love and strength as you prep for that day.
It’s the best!!
I wanted to tell you that we LITERALLY have the same screen door lol. Exact same
Very cute
r/AccidentalRenaissance
Very adorable
Saving this for tough times!
This is so sweet. I miss having a dog or cat waiting at the door when I get home, having both at the same time would be a gift.
😍😘💕
This beautiful pic speaks volumes without having to write any description.  It hit my soul, knowing that in their twilight years their happy to see your son and knowing they've been living the good life.  They're more than pets but friends.  They may be in part of our lives but we are their entire lives.

I have two cats one that just turned 2 and another about to turn 8 in April and everyday I hug and play with them knowing they wont be around forever.  Thank you for sharing this pic
This is a memory your son will cherish when he is old. What a wonderful gift you have given him!
Though or thought it was adorable?
That’s the sweetest thing.
Wow. It really touched a soft spot. My 14 year old dog knew when I came home (it wasn’t hard to guess as I kept whistling at him to find him haha) but his deaf self only (and I’m 100% about it) knew it’s me and no one else. He just knew I’m looking for him. He got up from his spot and came to me and only me. It’s the kind of bond you don’t find a lot. I know he loved me.
This picture warms and breaks my heart simultaneously.
What a beautiful silhouette!
Tis adorable
Are you sure you are not living in the von Everec Estate?
Awww so sweet, my mom’s dog does this too! She sometimes purposely doesn’t tell him that we’re coming to surprise him and he goes crazy haha
I love pets. My dog used to know the sound of our school bus which went behind our house before circling in front of it. No matter what else she was doing she would stop and run to the window to watch for us.
Aww, wish i could give them some gentle pets, animals are so pure 💕
So sweet 🥲
Could be Dakota
Love this!!
That is so cute
Needed this...
Good kid. Way to go parent
That is adorable.
Honestly believe the cat is only there to look for squirrels or birds
Ok, I'm crying.
This is on about eight levels of adorableness
On a side note. A picture like this framed with a note saying they'll always be watching over you... Might be a gentle way to ease a fast approaching day.
So sweet aww 💛
Sweet.  Now go water that plant.
they trying to escape tho
That is adorable!!!!
So cute❤️
Very very adorable
Is he still alive?
An excellent way to start my morning. Love it
at my old apartment, my parking spot was a good 15 yards from my front window. i would be pulling in at least 30 yards away and somehow my man knew the sound of my car. never did it if i was in the car with someone else. he was just tall enough to stand up and poke his head through the blinds while freaking out. i miss that so much. now i have to carry him up and down 2 steps, but hes still going.
I’m crying
Very adorable!
this is the best possible first post of the day for me to see
This is sweet in so many ways!  Thanks for posting, OP.
Oh love, such a beautiful thing it is. 

I just finished listening to the beatles song about pauls dog when i saw this.
That's a great picture.
Pets waiting for you when you get home is the best thing ever. Such a nice feeling
That's so beautiful. 

Thanks so much for sharing this moment with us.

There's no place like home.
This mmfd
Is it ok if a Happy droplet fall from my eye reading and watching the pic.
I was so affected and my eyes so teary I didn’t see the typo until I read it for the 3rd time lol
That is so stinkin cute man
ah , God...these feels.
Cute
this is so wholesome.
More faithful friends you'll never find.  So sweet!
Life goals right there. Goth dammit ninjas cutting onions again.
Should be in r/mademecry because when I come home there is cold empty nothingness waiting for me.
u/treshbks23 🥺
Not sure what's wrong with me, but this picture with this caption made me full of tears. It's so damn sweet!
Well that is just the perfect end scen to a beautiful yet heart-wrenching Disney/Pixar movie.
Wholesome content
We don't deserve pets
Sooooo cuteeeee
This is just all things ❤️ love... they are given us ( all the commenters) that chummy feeling we need after the year we all endured!!!  That is just because.. and I love. If nobody else love you , you can definitely be assured that your pets will!!
I wish I could’ve upvote this 100 times
Faithful old friends...the best kind of love!
I am pregnant and am currently crying over cuteness and love in OPs post.
My cat waits by the window and he will sit patiently. He gets a bit frantic when i have to work late.
I hope you have had, and will have many years of happieness to go.
Awww.  Sweet little buddies.
 🙂
These are things people take advantage of until they can’t. Thanks for sharing.
Precious ❤️❤️
Sorry, I'm in the UK and all I can think is 'all that heats getting out'
Pets are so much cooler than people.  I would risk my life to save an animal, but if my neighbor was in distress I would have to think twice.  Some of that has to do with my neighbor himself. 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Yeaaaa I’m sure they just want to go outside 😂
the cat can just go outside, no?
Pets are so amazing! My cat whenever she hears me unlocking the door, I can hear her bell walking to the door. As soon as I gets in she gives me a "hug" by trying to climb up my leg.
Dog: oh little human is almost home I can’t wait!
Cat: eh, I have nothing better to do right now so I guess I’ll sit here for now
Animals are the better Humans.
This is such a beautiful photograph. It’s so emotional, as well as the lighting, just gives it a genuine feel of love and anticipation!
Perfect silhouettes
That is so sweet. 😊
What an amazing photo full of warmth and anticipation
It is adorable. Thanks for sharing.
How old is your son?
This made me tear up. I don’t know why.
This is Disney level cuteness 🥺
Awww 🥰 that’s so sweet
Dad's coming home!
Homeward Bound; the epilogue
Amazing the unconditional ❤ from family pets.
I have a picture somewhere of our old dog laying with his head on his paws staring dejectedly at the front door because my wife was an hour late getting home from work
Thanks for sharing. They'll always be waiting for him. What a comforting thing to know. This picture sums that meeting up with such poignancy. When I go someday Mama Kitty will be there waiting for me, just like this. ♥️
The best dog who ever lived, Buster, knew when someone was coming home. He would wake up from his nap at your feet and walk to the front door a few minutes before they arrived. It made it easy to get dinner on the table because he was never wrong. I have no idea how he knew because I would never arrive at the same time.
this is one of the best pics I've seen in my life
They are old
Adorable and beautiful
Thats so nice 😍
Pavlov’s Love
Awwwww
This is some genuinely good shit right here!
I wanna see kitteh and doggo meet their master!
The cats says "we can be man's best friend too!"
My cat Gizmo knew what time I’d usually be home from high school and college on the weekends. My parents said if I was ever late she’d begin pacing throughout the house.
That is so super cute!!!
17 year old cat and a 16 year old dog damm however your taking care of them your doing one damm good job. I had a cat that lived to 19 he was a good cat
Sometimes when my dog is outside in the backyard and my brother comes over to visit he goes nuts trying to get in the house but my brother loves to hide in the house somewhere and tells someone to open the back door after he's hidden. The dog runs around for a while but he's gotten really good at finding him so it never takes long. When he finds my brother he whimpers and wags his tail so hard. Dogs really are the best animals.
It’s often thought that we rescue animals, I feel more often then not it’s the other way around
This is so precious. Thank you for a smile in the middle of the day
Classic!  Just fabulous!
Awe this is so adorable ❤️
As the mom of teens I can totally relate and this photo is pulling my heartstrings.❤️
I ride a motorcycle year round.  One of my favorite parts of riding home from work is pulling up in my driveway and seeing our cat meowing her head off in the living room window at me.
Aww. Bless em. Nice end to your boys day too..
Do you know Rupert Sheldrake's theory on [Morphic Resonance](https://blogs.scientificamerican.com/cross-check/scientific-heretic-rupert-sheldrake-on-morphic-fields-psychic-dogs-and-other-mysteries/)?  He's done these wacky experiments attempting to prove things like consciousness can extend outside of our physical being, the existence of collective memory, and that animals can communicate knowledge even across vast distances.  (He's controversial to say the least) but as an idea I just think its really beautiful.  He did an experiment to observe how dogs know when their owners are coming home.
That *is* adorable. Thanks for sharing.
Why I am melting?
Sweetness overload 💙
My dog was diagnosed with lymphoma yesterday and this pic made me feel some feelings, thanks for sharing❤️
Love this...
Imagine loving someone the way your dog loves you.
It is also very nice that your kid texts you with when he is coming home. That shows some good responsibility on his part.
That's so cute!
Great picture that negates entropy.
How beautiful! 2 old friends waiting for their hero!
I love this!!! Thank you for sharing
Best way to arrive home❤️
They remind me of Iris her pets in Witcher III hearts of stone
Such good friends
Yep, that’s adorable!!
This is too precious 🥰. What an amazing son you have!
Awwwww😊😭 to have a family 😁😣😭
Beautiful
Adorable😍
It is adorable
We need a group pic of them all!
I love this sooooo much.

My daughter loves cats and when she got her first apartment on her own at 19 six years ago, the first thing she did was head to the local shelter and adopted a 7-year old cat.

She bought a house 1000 miles from where we lived last year and her now-13 year old boy traveled over 2 1/2 days, very unhappily, right by her side.

This cat absolutely adores my daughter. When she isn't at work or school, he is practically attached to her. He is super affectionate and seems to get more so every year. So many older animals don't get adopted, which is why daughter chose to get a middle-aged cat, so she could spoil him in his 'elderly' years:)

Your son is obviously a special kid. Animals are great judges of character
i love happy ass threads like this. thanks for being awesome yall
"Our boy is coming home!"
My heart.  It melts.
oh my, it made my day
That's so cute ! And some people keep telling me that animals can't have feelings or think... !
Your son sounds nice
He'll be home soon, don't worry.
Me weeping now.
My dog and I always greet my husband at the door. Husband says it's his favorite part of the day.
r/mademesmile
❤️❤️❤️ lovely😻
So adorable, thanks for sharing!
They look like worried parents <3

This is too adorable and sweet. You're son really must love these guys for them to wait so patiently.
Very sweet. That's 💘
I had a Chihuahua who would go into isolation whenever I went on a business trip for a few days and my husband would tell me she would make an appearance a few hours before my arrival. Always boggled our mind how she knew I was on my way home.
Love this so much 🥰
Thank you!  This is great.  And what a wonderful photo.  Good job!
My mom does this with my dogs when I return home from college then let's them out as soon as I'm in the driveway.
Awww the feels! My dog Ripley is the same way anytime I tell him my gf is coming home :)
This really makes me miss my dog. The last time that I came home from school was when he was sick. He tried to run to see me, but could just do this slow little limp. Had to put him down about a week after when I was gone. Makes me so sad.
Great kid you got there
Sometimes we forget love exists and it knows no bounds.
The fact that your dog is 16 and still around how’s you really care for them :)
Lovely story, great photograph. Apart from the aww factor (which is huge!) the composition and lighting are gorgeous. The silhouettes, the way the cat positions itself towards the dog, the door bars and their shadows, the neighbour's lighted porch and so much more. I love looking at this, it generates so much good feeling.
Adorable indeed.

They always spread joy!
Yes, I love coming home high and getting mobbed
"He's gonna say 'Hi' to me first."

"Quiet, Cat."
I miss my babies 🐈🐕
My heart just exploded
I almost just died from cuteness overload
That is just the cutest 😍 furr babies always feel the separation most :(
This is indeed beautiful. Sometimes the small things can make a difference. Thank you for sharing this photo, it put a smile on my face, but made miss 3 three dogs... It's has been over one year since I saw them or played with them. They are overseas with my parents and I cannot travel abroad as we all know.  What is the dog breed? Thank you and have a lovely weekend.
\- "You think he's gonna come soon bud?"  
\-- "Ye, I can smell it fam, he's close!"

&#x200B;

<3
Friends are very important
😻
Oh, my dogs name was Toby as well. My Toby was a beagle mix with a Jack Russell. They have a name called Jackabees. We named him after Toby rand from rockstar supernova the TV show.
it makes me sad to think there will be a last day they will be waiting for him :(
There is nothing on earth as vulnerable as the back of their sweet heads.
Soo cute!
It is. So dear.
I have not gone to my home for the last one year due to the pandemic.My dog is waiting for me there.I miss her so much.
i hope you and your son get many more years of joy out of those two. my two boys (kitty's) bring me so much joy and happiness when i see them after work, i wouldn't know what to do without them
Which idiot gives Ternions...
So adorable
Does reddit have an "Awesome Everything" subreddit?
Bro, the cat just wants to look out the window at ground floor.
I hope your dog and cat can live longer. I searched the average life expectancy of cats and dogs, it's about 15-17 years. (╯︵╰,)
Love this so much. I have an ancient cat at my parents that spent years sleeping in my room with me, stayed with my youngest sister when I moved out. Now, both me and my sister are gone, but my parents are adopting a young cousin of mine; old cat is still around so she gets another young person to love in her life.
There's no way there's something outside the door they want to look at
Im not crying, you are!
Precious. We do not deserve animals.
We have 3 magic words. Is he coming?
In the 90s I lived by LAX, about 1-10 cars was a Honda at the time, my cat would be out up to 300 yards from our house, but he always knew my Honda. and would sprint down the middle of street to follow me home. If we only had phones with video back then...it was gold. (For those younger, you could only hold about 40 pics in your phone, and one very short video at any given time).
All great & true companions.
My husband turns our alarm off using a key fob, and when our dog (a little over a year old) hears the SimpliSafe woman’s voice announce the alarm is turned off she starts whining and goes to the front window to watch my husband come in lol

Sometimes I would turn the alarm on with my phone and when she would hear “the voice” she thought it was my husband returning, so I had to stop doing that or she would whine for a while staring out the window.
I want this!
Perfectly splendid
Love this
I used to live with my parents and work in the local factory, often my mother would let our dog out to wait for me in the driveway towards the end of my shift, however one day I decided to go straight into the bigger town from work to get some shopping done, and my mother told me that he had been sitting out there wait for me for an hour and then slowly got up and walk back in looking sad and it just broke my heart. Felt soooo bad about it, though I couldn't have known that.
I've never told my wife this, but sometimes when I pull into our driveway, my truck is tall enough I can see through the mudroom window into the kitchen.  I vann see my two good doggos who think they heard me pull in and maybey a cat or two and my wife working away cooking dinner and I just sit and think how lucky I am.  Sometimes I'll just sit and watch and say thank-you until they see me.
Two faithful,loving friends
Why do you have an extra, see-through door? I’ve always wondered what it’s purpose is.
I live on a very crowded street and my fucking dogs know the sound of mine and my girlfriends steps. People can walk by without any reaction from them. Then they all of the sudden get super excited and one of us will open the door a min or two later. It's crazy
This should be a movie
Mg dog would wait upstairs in the bedroom above the garage. When I returned home the garage door would open and she would tear down the stairs across the room and explode out the doggy door to the back yard and bark so loud I could hear it from all the way out front in the car.

Then having spent her excitement she would wait quietly by the door for me to come in.

Mom would always know I was home because the dog would pound down the stairs and tear by her sitting on the couch.
I think that’s absolutely lovely!
MY HEART!!!! 🥰😭
What kind of dog is it?? 16 years old for a dog that size is amazing ! What do you feed him?
I didn't want to wake up and 😢 but these are happy tears. This is so precious 😊
That is the so sweet. Thank you for sharing some sweet news!
You got a friend in me
Definitely keep this picture and frame it for him some day.  When the time comes that they aren’t here anymore he will treasure this photo.
Apart from the cute background, that's a beautiful picture!
I’m not crying you are 😭
I love this so much.  Our German Shepherd knows the sound of the Life360 notification that goes off on my phone when the kids are getting close to home.  The notification is immediately followed by the sound of the school bus.  She reports to the front door immediately to greet them.
We really don’t deserve animals... ❤️
I just got this Wholesome Award, so please have it. This is so heartwarming and... I dunno, I lost words. I just woke up and my day is made :)
Sooooo cute!!!
You’re right. It is adorable.
That's so sweet!!!
I’m not crying. You’re crying!
 

## r/AccidentalRenaissance
Aww. So precious. He’ll always remember his buddies waiting for him ❤️
Warms the ❤️
My two dogs definitely love my wife the most.  But when we come home and they are done greeting her, they leave her to come find me and make I am okay.  It’s a nice feeling.
This is really heartwarming! But honestly when I saw the little typo “Though it was adorable,” My heart sank. I thought it was going to say something like, “Though it was adorable, he hit a tree and never made it home.” Thank goodness this is r/aww instead of your local news station. The times have taken their toll on my anxious ways. Your son is a lucky guy to have such a supportive welcoming committee :)
I mean, it’s cute, but they might just enjoy watching what’s happening outside, like almost any other pet in the world.
I'm glad that you found your cat, it's such a great feeling.
Are you in socal? I have the same screen door!
I would beat him if he let them wait and not come... :-)
Our cats will stand in front of the door like that if we just open it for fresh air.
“Shadow and Sassy” 💗
My husband & I have 2 gerbils (I know its not as exciting as a cat or dog but we cannot own a cat since he's allergic & having a dog right now wouldn't work for our lifestyle at the moment) anyways; our two gerbils know when my husband comes home because he plays music in the car (super loud, I'm talking you can hear the bass) and our gerbils will literally sit on their house & wait for him to come inside! It's just a really cute moment that I have taken notice to 😊😊
❤❤❤❤❤
I'll tell you what...I love your son, and I don't even know him.❤
WONKY SLUSH!!!!
From one mommy to another, (and i am a veterinary assistant so my soft spot for animals is quite large) this warms my heart in so many ways.
We don’t deserve animals.
I feel lijj kik e the cats motives are “ I want to break free!”
We use the Life360 to keep track of where each other is.  The app plays a specific notification when my wife or I is within a block or so of our house.  My dog has figured out what the sound means so any time my phone notification goes off, he runs over to the door to wait for someone to arrive.
Of god bless them all 😭🥰🌟
My roommate's dog is timid and usually doesn't even want to be on the same floor as me. Idk how they knew but the last hour of my roommate being away for a week, they sat on the head of the couch ( basically on my shoulder) stuck their head out the blinds and waited.
I’M NOT CRYING, YOU’RE CRYING
That's great. I have a 17 year old cat. I had no idea that when I wouldnt come home at the time I normally do from work, he sits by the door and meows until my roommate told me. I don't think this was a normal thing until he was older
Absolutely adorable! This image needs to be framed💖
Dogs and cats are the best!  Give them a treat for me
This is just too adorable! I hope your son has many more years with his sweethearts. They must love him a lot!
Check out Rupert Sheldrakes book dogs who know when their owners are coming home.
Adorable, thanks for sharing x
Our dog does the same thing when I peak out the blinds in the front door. She knows that means someone is coming (only to see her, of course) and she stands by the door until someone comes in!
       This: Is the magic of human / pet relationships.
This picture makes everything seem okay.  Thank you for posting.  Beautiful.
This is so sweet! We just had to put down my childhood dog today and I’ve been thinking about all the memories I had with him growing up. Pets are so important to a kid! 

Sounds like you’re a good mom u/JonesMommy!
Meanwhile my African Grey parrot is belting out the Prius lock/unlock sound on repeat to herald my arrival
Getting minecraft vibes...
This really warmed my heart and made my day. Take another award - you sound like a wonderful parent.
This picture says it all.
Thought
It melts my stonecold heart... ❤️
They look like a cute couple!
This is one of the best things I’ve ever seen. ❤️
Awesome
my heart 😍
This is more than adorable. I honestly would die for them. Thanks OP for sharing ❤️
I'm not crying, you are crying.
Ohhhh my heart 🥺
Can I see them in the light?
That is so cute and adorable
I have said it before and will continue to say it: we don't deserve pets.
That’s.... beyond ❤️ he will always remember those moments you did for him with those two lil fluff balls.
Nothing like the ones that love you unconditionally to be waiting for your return
“Come on dear, it’s late”
This is so sweet.  Thanks for posting.
Really dusty in here right now.
Cat and dog friendships are the best
Was doggo started by the same people who brought us hubby, kiddo, and boi? Shame on them? This is how we end up with humor like Family Circus and Marmaduke.
Wow, these pets are just as old if not older than the boy. What a family ❤️
Our cockatiels are like that. We'll be making pizza and they'll only appear to beg when the bag of shredded cheese is opened, but not the pepperoniii
That's amazing. You can tell a lot about a person by their pets. These two clearly care about your son enough for me to feel he's a good boy.
♥️
420 comments nice
My late kitty would wait every day for me to get off the bus after school. My mom would open the door just like this and he would always be sitting at the door by 4pm. He continued doing it long after I was done with school 💕some things just become habit
What a lucky boy! And kitty n puppy as well;) 
Happy life!
That is really freaking adorable 🥰
Growing up my family had a dog.  She could always tell when people were coming home.  I don’t know how, but regardless of time, people’s actions, or anything else she’d know.  There were many times when she’d perk up, then I’d get a call being like “I’m almost home”.  Just after.  

She was also constantly angry, not in like a rage filled way, but a grumpy old lady way.  She also had an anxiety problem as bad as any other member of the family, so really bad.
So freaking cute.  They are so awesome.    You and your son are too.   I love when people love their babies as much as I love mine
Oh my gosh this is just the best.
Ok this is wholesome
*”Our best friend is almost home!”*
Our cat does this when I get home. She gets up a few minutes before I'm due to arrive, and then is waiting by the door when I walk in. I swear she can hear me arm my car too when I lock it.
Cat and dog ages we presume
That’s a really good dog
My mom tells me my pup always starts waiting for me around 3:30 (I get off work at 3). Animals are the best.
We have everything. Dogs and Cats have only us.
When it hit that "though it was adorable" I thought we were on for a darrrkk turn.
We humans have a lot to learn from our pets. Namely, unconditional 💘 love.
That was the last time I ever saw my kid...
Coming up on next week's episode:

[Jones Goes to College](https://i.redd.it/nfjbuxnwpuf61.jpg)
This is so cute, sad, happy and depressing.
My. ❤ Heart. ::flomp::
My heart skipped a beat when the last sentence in title started as “Though it was adorable...”
What I love about this is just how obvious it is that the cat and the dog are happy in each other's company.
My eyes have sprung a leak
I need a lockable screen door.  May I ask where you got that?
Bffs
This is my favourite aww post ever, thank you for sharing.
waiting for a member of the pack to return
It is adorable. Thank you for sharing.
Thank you for not putting some hokey caption like “They do this every day, waiting for my son to come home!”.
I’m so tired of that silliness. Animals don’t need to do a cute thing every day for it to still be cute (which this is).
That is the absolutely perfect thing I  seen in a long time
Very sweet. It's nice to have that special bond and companionship.  Whether it be animals or loved ones. Thanks for sharing. Brought a smile to my face. Reminds me of my animals. Well my daughter's 3 cats. All 3 flock to me and just show me more affection than anyone. Probably because i feed them and take care of them. But i also have to add i remember going to work and having my baby girl be excited to see me when i got home. And now she's all grown up all that stuff goes right out the window. But at least i still have the cats!! And they have me!!
Omg so wholesome 😭💕
They literally grew up with him. How precious is that..
That is some love they have for him 💙
That is the best feeling whether you’ve had a good day or best when you’ve had a bad one.
Whenever I would head home from work my childhood dog would always know when I turned down the street and would wait in the window for me. Best dog ever!
Looks like a pair of worried parents. How cute!
Or maybe cause they both like looking outdoors, I doubt the cat would react to your sons name
My son visits me every weekend.  I tell our dog that he's coming to visit.  The dog immediately goes to the front window and watches. He periodically runs back to  check with me and then runs back. If he's not at the window, he seems to be able to hear the car coming. When my son arrives, our dog goes crazy.
That cat and dog think that you can smell waaaaaay better than they can.
My hearts melts♥️🥰🖖🏻
Someone cutting onions?
Is this Compton?
I think they love him.....a LOT! :)
When I would come home for college every other month or so my dog would get so excited she'd pee in the house. After a couple times my mom made me call before I got there so the dog could happy piss in the driveway instead.
All I'm saying is that I have never had a partner waiting at the door for me to come home.  An animals love makes life so much better.
Aweeee that’s so cute 😊
We don’t deserve how close a bond of friendship we can have / already have with our pets. So much love.
“DO YOU KNOW WHAT TIME IT IS MISTER?”
This really made my day! How sweet, I miss having a dog who is always excited when I come home.
Our pets love us so much more than I think we even understand.
So sweet. My dog is the same way
The long shadows in the photo compliment your description.
Hey who is peeling onions. Beautiful vibe thank you
🥰
Share this to r/accidentalrenaissance

Edit: rennysanse is hard to spell
My doggo will perk her head up when she hears here papa (my dad)pull up outside, she'll be looking at the garage door waiting on him, such a good girl
Precious
my husband would text me "release the hound" when he was nearby so the dog could run down the path and chase him on his bike. now our other dog knows the exact beep of our car and how the doors sound when they close. which is funny cause I think our neighbors car beep sounds like our car but the dog knows the difference
True family wait for each other to come home
Best boy of the year award goes to these two
That is awesome 🌟  big feels
So cute pets make life even sweeter
This post literally made my day.
Just the fact that they understand you when you say you told them he was on his way and to see them patiently waiting to “JUMP AND PLAY” lol 😂 literally as soon as he gets to the door 🚪 is the most adorable 🥰 thing I saw 👀 today💯🙌🏽❤️❤️❤️. Glad you chose to share.
That’s true love
That is so sweet!
That's cute! I miss my dog
Very precious ❤️😇🦋
😊❣️❣️
I needed this. Thank you.
Make sure the pack is together before rest time. Good.
That is so sweet!   The three amigos.  Cherish this time together.
💕💕😂so sweet
Adorable 🥰
AWWW!
Awwww! This is too cute. Do you have videos of what they do when he gets home?
💕💕Awww that is so sweet that’s unconditional love right there!!🥰🥰
WSB 17 years from now... Waiting for #GME to squeeze
I'm a little jealous of their friendship, sometimes, pets are more reliable than human.
Sooooooo Precious 🤗💗🙏🏻🐾🐶🐱
❤this lovely
❤️❤️❤️
if only it was taken from a better angle... now that could be the photograph of the year.
Penis music
Awe, that is so sweet   🐶🐺
My 8 year old dog and cat wait for my partner to come home from work like this, they both get so excited
I give you all the credit, Mom for raising a wonderful young man!
It is amazing how devoted that pets can be and waiting for someone that hasn't been home for awhile that they remember them and wait for their return. Love and devotion is amazing💖💖💖💖💖💖💖.
Awww, I love it. I painted a pic of this, but have no idea how to share it with you...
🥺🥺
I love this!
This made my day! Thank you!
they just wanna go out
That’s so cute! How old is your son? My daughter does the same thing, since she was about 16 years old.
This makes me cry. Give your son lots of Love from me, coming from someone who spent most of his life not wanting to come home
Parents use the word doggo? Interesting times we live in
[deleted]
What’s up with the term “doggo” these days? Anyone?
[deleted]
Bless these Musketeers
Don't say "Doggo".

Annoying
Cute as this is, I think it's silly how desperately people project feelings/intent onto their pets. They aren't waiting at the door because they understand your son is coming home, they're standing at the door because you gave them a nice big window to look outside. Lol
You’re too old to be using stupid Reddit phrases like doggo
[deleted]
Not gonna lie he kinda looks like a stand user
Let's just say dog, ok?
Ummmm cats and dogs love to stare outside. They’d be doing this regardless...
That’s nice and all but you shouldn’t leave that door unlock.
I'd love to have a pet but I'm out of home 8 to 7 and I'm allergic to cat... When I will retire...
Until one day he doesn't come home...
Are they smart enough to know he'll be coming when they see that inner door is open?
Cute but no, they didn't sit there to wait for him because you told them he;s on his way.
[removed]
I mean, they’re probably at the door because it’s interesting to watch what’s going on outside, not because a kid is coming...
Umm I think they just need some fresh air and have been conditioned to want to go out. It’s just your interpretation that they’re waiting for someone.
Cat don't care but I sure doggo does!
[deleted]
