I'm gonna do this with pictures of myself
That outline suggests this dog must be strong af
This bothers me I want to see the real photo
They need to add water to this dog to find out the true outline
lol nop. i can guarantee that dog is much slimmer than that. like comically big headed.
Pretty much everytime I wash my dog and cat. "you're not fat.. you're fluffy!"
[removed]
For the record, me too.
I'm not fat! It's all this fur, it makes me look poofy.
Show him without the outline
 #INEEDTOSEEFLOOF
Yes!! This used to drive me crazy with my dog. I’d get the ‘he’s looking chubby’ comments and he really wasn’t. As soon as he was wet you could see he was the perfect weight for his size.
And very warm. Wish I had a coat this nice!
Wish Gabriel Iglesias had a Reddit account to see this!
IT’S..... SO..... FLUUUUUUUUUUFFFFY! 😭😭😭
Samoyed is best dog
OMG GET IT OUT. HE'LL RUN OUT OF AIR inside the do.... ah ok . I get it. It's just a cloud dog.
Who else read this in Gabriel Iglesias voice?
Bet that dog has an 8 pack
No chonk. All floof.
I have a keeshond, and he is that fluffy lol
I want to hug this puff of a dog.
Aww... he’s beautiful! Please tell me his name is  some variation of Gabriel Iglesias?
A beautiful Samoyed.
The cuddles.
Me too dog... me too
He’s Mexican
I had a Samoyed- when the get a bath they really shrink!
Always wanted a Samoyed. A big female sassy floof.
Aw this precious boi can hide treats in the fur and you wouldn't have a clue
Can confirm. My Samoyed looks so much bugger then she is, on the rare occasions where we bath her she suddenly loos so small. She easily looks way bigger then an 80 lb dog at 55 lbs.
Me too !... well.. no ok I'm just fat 😔
same response my brother said when I said that about his cat.
I have washed my samo before, this pic is being pretty generous. 

theres really not a lot of dog under all that fur.
floofy boi
Oh! Oh!!! Do me next!!!
Awwnatomy
He skipped leg day
Doge.
Doge
Im also fluffy, but without the fur
Why does the tell look like a worm
https://imgur.com/40P0Pp3.jpg
He's big boned!
Floffy boi
My cat looks like he has really chubby cheeks but its 90 percent fluff.
Stud
He’s gosh dang buff as hell
Ya  me too good boi !!
Ah, the bloatee, but for dogs.
Ya, me too!
#metoo
Wish I could say the same haha
Now do me
Need someone to turn my fatass into badass too.
the fluffier, the better
Lol aren't we all? 😅
Very very floofy
Why would anyone use a teal marker on such a beautiful dog
Water doggos do be chonky though
Can you do this for me?
dogecoin is getting swole!
Erm yes....... Me too......
Hmm. Ok but i will need to pet all fluffy doggos now to convince myself of that!
[Can confirm](https://www.reddit.com/r/gifs/comments/7e4mlo/my_husky_is_liquid/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share), these dogs are just fur attached to air.
Same
I had to let my dog go live at a different house than the one I wasnin for awhile. I hadnt been able to get to see him in a bit due to circumstances and when I did i couldnt believe how fluffy he looked. A friend once said he looked like frankensteins monster and that day I was finally able to see it. FYI he was like this dog but black  and white.
Aaaaa IM SEEING TO DOGS
I am not fluffy, just fat.
that doggo be making them gains 4 jesus. the yokest boi.
Seeing a fluffy dog come out of a lake is wild because you realize just how much of their physical volume is nothing but hair
Instagram vs Reality
weird tattoo though :)
Years ago, I was hiking with a friend and our dogs. I've got two little poodles. He looked at my girl and commented that she's putting on weight. I told him that she's not, she just needed a haircut. When he saw her next after her haircut, he just smiled. She hadn't been putting on weight, she'd been poofy.
My dog sure would like me to believe this lol
And apparently stacked
That’s a pretty buff outline.
I have a great pyraneese like this. People tell me my dog is overweight, he's a perfect weight, he's just floofy as fuck and it all goes away for a couple hours with a bath
Same
What breed?
Somewhere deep inside, there’s a German Shepherd waiting to come out
Heyyyyy is this what ksi is talking about???
I have a six pack it's just covered in fat
Awwwww adorable 🥰
This is great and true. I posted a picture of my Keeshond a few months back and the poor dog was fat shamed because of all his fur. Seriously. People are funny!
That’s what I tell myself everyday..
Further correction:  he’s not fluffy.  He is FLOOFY.
I had a Samoyed growing up and he’d go into the lake only up to his chest and come out with these skinny chicken legs abs rest of his body still poof hahah miss my sweet boy
Floof 400%
Me after getting a skin in a game that is thicker than the normal ones
He is magnificent 😍
Very best picture I’ve seen this evening
That's what I tell myself. But at some point you need to face reality.
Looks like one of those r/absoluteunits
I suppose a "wet" picture was the basis for the outline?
I’ll hug and pet it either way
Cute. Does anyone know if Stellar is a good play.  I noticed some momentum pumps recently? Is it worth getting into?
Very stronk boi
Aww, but why did you draw on the dog bro?!
Fluff
He’s just fluffy
Beautiful thing
Nice dogo :)
Looks like a doge
He's just a little husky.
I hope my doge gets fat and fluffy
Now do the skeleton
Fatass
Hugging him must feel so good!
Gabriel Iglesias anyone
MAKES ME WANNA BUY DOGECOIN!!🚀🚀🚀
Me Tooooo I am just FluffY!!!
This is how I view myself every time I step on a scale
[deleted]
Floofy*
Facts. There's at least a half an inch to an inch of fur there.
This was our big fluffy boy Chester. He would sit like that and we’d think “what a big chunky boy. Better cut back on your food” (didn’t cut back though) until we washed him and then he was skin and bones. He was a heavy boy too. Miss him!
I need to do this with Kalvin the Yorkie.
My Great Pyrenees looks like a chonker, but he's probably the most fit of all three of my dogs =)
Hes a little bigger than that, the leg is definitely off.
Gabriel Iglesias?
Should have put some rippling muscles on him.l
Me too. Me toooooooooo
me when someone says my cat is fat
Repost
I'm not fat, I'm big fluffed!
The owner of Ripley The Fluffy Corgi is being harassed in comments way too often so much despite Ripley's Instagram has Fluffy not fat 🍑 in the header.
Nice try, doggo!
That’s my problem too .... and I’m sticking with it
This dog benches more than me
These dogs look so weird when shaved.
DOGE IS THE CURRENCY OF THE FUTURE
This is how my mom's cat in the 90s was. You'd see her, and she'd look like the most obese cat you've EVER seen in your life. Thing looked 30 pounds. 

Then you go to pick her up, and she was just an average cat, except with like 4 extra pounds of fur on her. It was often hard to even feel her actual skin through the fur.
I've never seen a fat skeleton 🤔
I'm not fat I'm just big furred!
I’m not fat I’m big furred
But you look a little kinky
Love the fluffy 🥰
Same
It's Gabriel Iglesias!
I'm gonna draw Superman's outline on all my clothes.
Reminds me of my dog with the fur. I have a tiny dog but when his hair grows out he looks thick as fuck until he gets groomed
AKA every Gibraltar main
It's all this fur. It makes me look...poofy.
Awesome pooch and pic
Fluffy doggo
thats true with my doge
haha my dog is like this. in the winter she grows a huge beard ☠️
...wait till you see cats
This is so me,I am a skinny girl in a big gurls body.
Dogeee
How do you keep the floor that clean with a dog that furry? It sheds doesn't it?
I have Persian cats. They are fluffy too🤣
We love fluff
Me too!
11/10, very huggable floof cloud
level of fat:0
level of fluffiness:100
^me after lockdown^
I actually never really thought about that 🤔
True.  True
Lookin straight jacked lol, majestic as hell
Doggo
That is a beautiful dog
Is your dog's name Gabriel by any chance?
This is a dumb question but what dog breed is this I can’t tell with the outline
Awwww I love Samoyeds. Out at dinner rn and the picture made me thing of my snowy at home lol
Here is a shaved one posted on here a year ago! 

https://www.reddit.com/r/doggrooming/comments/bv844q/my_co_worker_had_the_honor_of_shaving_a_samoyed/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf
this is a super skilled dog anatomy
My ol' boy buster was a fluffball and we lived in the Tennessee, so I had to get him shaved during the summer because it was too hot for him. And before I hear about husky's and not shaving them, he wasn't a husky he was a Lab/chow mix and the heat did get to him. If it didn't I wouldn't of gotten him a hair cut.  Anyways, When I got him a haircut, He'd lose half his body size. People always though he was way bigger than what he was. The first time he had his hair cut, I laughed at how small he was compared to what he looked like. He felt so ashamed that I laughed at him, he hid behind the couch to the point where I couldn't find him. I felt so bad how he reacted. I told him he looked handsome and I couldn't stop loving him. I told everyone else before you see him, don't laugh, it will hurt his feeling. I even went in to the groomers and told them about it, just to let them know how sensitive he was about it.  So what did they do? They started putting bows on him and making him the greeter  to the shop whenever I brought him in. The first time I came into the shop and was greeted by buster I was like, "Why's he out here?" and they go, "he's so good with the other dogs, we just let him greet everyone!" He went from being afraid of looking this way to, "This is me, and it can be you to!!"

I miss him so much.
"Big furred"
You just want to hug him!❤️
Like a snowy owl
Do you want to make $20 just by watching videos?

Earnathon.com || Earn crypto by learning crypto

all you have to do is subscribe to this site and watch videos..
My dog is actually like this. It’s funny because after we give him a bath, he shrinks to like 5/7 of his size when he isn’t wet because his hair isn’t as fluffy
Same.
It’s so fluffy 💜❤️🥰😍
warmboi
He must be so fluffy to hug! awwww
Such a pretty floof
Same, dawg.
Aww
Holy shit this man is a serial reposter just take a look at his profile
Look at those shoulders
Awww
I remember this when I touched a husky for the first time. Further? Further down? So much hair.
Dat wolf ripped
Floof
Same
Same.
r/secondsketch
That’s what my cat keeps telling me...
Fat people be like:
buffy


buff and fluffy
You NEED to see Pooch Perfect on the BBC if you’re liking this.
Aren't we all like that under our fat suit, ha
That is one muscular outline!
Both are good
SAMOYED
holy shit thats a fa-ahem-*fluffy* dog
The equivalent to being big boned
Looks like a totally unsuspicious snow poff from undertale
Same same
Damn, I can't do it.
Whenever I try telling people that the same thing applies to me, they never believe me 😔
my girlfriend is fat and fluffy.🥰
Whenever I tell people that the same thing applies to me, they don’t believe me 😔
Beautiful!
Same
Hose that b down and let’s see
Step 1 is denial
We call them floofs here
Deff needs cuddles all the time. Such a good doggo
My parents have an American Eskimo (basically the medium sized dog version of this Samoyed) that's the exact same way. He's all fluffy when dry, but when we bathe him he becomes a lil rat. It's hilarious and cute.
 Not a big fan of dogs but this is admittedly cute
This dogs fkin brollic
Same.
I really hope your dog is named Gabriel Iglesias
Ooooh yeahhh, the right kinda phat
I bet he’s even thinner than that
Cue that new Michelin Man fashion trend, jelly much?
Beautiful
nice
Chonk !
I have a cat with long hair and everyone thought he was a chonker, too. I always had to correct them by saying, "He just has fluffy hair, sheesh!"
This is the equivalent of me wearing my T-shirt with the fake muscles drawn on
I love these dogs.
DOGE!!!
Lol same
The lovely folks at weight remainders. Would like to have a self fulling conversation with you.
Yasss
I was carrying my mildly floofy cat outside when a couple walking by saw me. Girl said to guy "See? Like that. I like chubby cats like that." I felt oddly offended for my boy. I mean, call me a fatty all you want but leave the cat alone. He's a normal healthy weight under the floof!
Damn, look at that floof.
Same
No joke- this actually puts me in mind of an enormous Gabe the Dog.

I miss the Bork Remixes as much as I miss the doggo himself.
Actually, is jacked
Poofy
We had a dog like this. People would tell my mother how fat our dog was every chance they got.
Can I use this on TINDER ? Would it fly ? 😜
Um. that dog is fat.
damn that dog looks jacked
My sister's best friend had a t shirt that said that. Felt so bad for her tbh
Shave him, for science
Floofyyy boi!!!
Can you do that with my pic LOL
This is just like my cat haha. She is a rag doll and super fluffy. My dad called her fat, but underneath all that fluff she’s actually quite skinny
Very fluffy and cute
Me too, man.
don’t worry, you can do a vegetarian diet. It’s easy and effective.
...OP draws furry porn in their spare time.
Buff borker boi
Yeah they're surprisingly skinny when they get wet. People are always amazed that our Mal is only about 75 pounds.
Big boned
very F L O O F Y
Fluffers!
Okami 🐺
Should show some abs in that pic.
that's a very fluffy horse
Can someone do this for a cat?
Fluffers!
Aww cuttest dog ever! 😍🤩😘😘
*Gabriel Iglesias liked this post*
That dog is cultivating hair mass.
Why are we ignoring the human feet on the dog
it’s funny because it’s true
Buff boi
Doge 🚀
Gabriel Iglesias?
The first time I took my husky to the river I was spooked by how small she really was! She’s all fluff no bite!
I'm just fat :(
"I'm not fat, I'm big fured!"
Exotic Doge!
#metoo
FLOOFMEISTER
Yo that dog kinda yakked under all the fluff armor
This is a real thing. I have an Alaskan Malamute and the fluff makes him look so much bigger. This was how much undercoat came off of him when he blew his summer coat. 

https://i.imgur.com/7YvrE2n.jpg
Ain’t that a wolf?
Am fit boy. Just floof.
Dog roids
FLOOOOFY
That doggo looks ripped af
Fluffy boi
Like Julio Iglesias.
DOGE
This, this is the kind of dog i need, are they expensive? are they hard to keep? How many  times a day should i take them out for a walk? And more importantly, does this specific breed of fluffer enjoy hugs?
I have a fit every time people think my dog is too fat. He is very fluffy and has ideal weight for his age, breed, etc. and also his vet says: Perfect. But there is always someone who knows better.
Put him on a diet, now. This is literally animal cruelty
He's so buff
hairy or not hairy it litterally looks like the best dog or if floofy a pillow. IVE NEVER SEEN A DOG LOOK LIKE ITS IN A PERFECT STANCE WTH
Me too floofy boot, me too..
SO FLUFFY!!
Furry buddy
really not far from the truth, but the chest looks a lil empathized
I like you either way. Honestly, you're too good for this world in which humans judge each other for all kinds of superficial things. It's a great reason to be an antinatalist.
this is so unsettling for some reason
He's a little DAYUM
Did he get hit by a spectral arrow?
My floof is big  
'Cos full of love  
But not all floof  
Is mostly chubb.  


( :p We know it's floof really. Plz give pets for those of us that can't.)
Clearly this pooch is jacked!
Thats true
Ah man now i miss my dog 😢
Get stellar up !!!! Yeah baby
That is a basic outline of the dog i would want how much cleaning do you have todo?
He kinda hot ngl 😳😳
“See? I gots proof. I’m not a chubba bubba- it’s all the furs. “
Hahaa my dog is pretty fluffy like this too, when he is soaking wet he looks so much skinnier
Is this a Doge meme???
me too
Training dogs for a living, this is the #1 lie I hear from most dog owners.  Your dog is overweight.  Do something about it.
http://imgur.com/gallery/TrmpXxJ
**Fluff Ball**
i love samoyeds so fucking much
Not fat just Husky.
Just like me with my "winter coat"
samoyeds are the goodest boys
Such a boi
Hmff.  Well I’m not fluffy.  I’m just fat.
Doggo just big boned!
Muscle doge
Nothing a matchbook couldn't prove
So cute!! Love this
If I loose all of my fat, I'd look like this as well.
Just hairy :)
Good Doge
It's just "big-furred"
Makes me wish I can tranquilize the dog just so I can give it a good shaving lol
Gabriel Iglesias
I am not fat, I am big boned ✊
A lesson in shapes for any artist.
Aww such a fwuffy doggo 🥺🥺❤️
DOGE to the moon im literally up 50% In just a few days
He prefers the twrm, chonker
And this time it’s true!
My Samoyed looks the exact same way. Every time a bathe him I’m in shock that he’s actually skinny lol
Big furred
Gorgeous
That jawline. 🐶🤤
Great way to reduce size
13763781920030282818900% adorable
Love this!
Cloud
Same
Just had a giant golden retriever come into my house and he looks super fluffy but it's just sheer mass
Oh man is that adorable.
Is this a Samoyed or an eskie?
Know a similar dog. When he gets wet from a bath or swim it is hilarious, you get to see the inner tiny dog.
And fluffy is the new sexy btw, okay ?!! 😂
Big floof
“Sanity” r/fatlogic   Love your dog btw
That is a LOT of floof! Such a cutie.
#dogecoin
Not sure if this is Gabriel Iglesias reference or not
I’m not fat, I’m jacked af
r/redlinedart
Me too dog...  me too
I...I guess I am just fluffy
Fat or fluffy I’ll still give him a hug
I can’t quite narrow down why the dog looks so buff. Are the legs kind of thick or what?
This is a sign to buy Doge
This is the case with my cat. People see pictures and think he's short and fat. Nope. He's a small cat (was both a preemie and runt of the litter) and extremely thick, fluffy fur. 

[He's the ginger boy in this picture](http://imgur.com/gallery/LYmxRIS)

[One of very few pics where he actually looks huge](https://i.imgur.com/s4nHnt3.jpg)

[This is a full body one from his dramatic pouting today](http://imgur.com/gallery/bQ9JIHt) because it wasn't time to eat.
Hey that’s my line!
You vs the guy she tells you not to worry about
My dear Cosmo was fluffy like this. Shepard/Golden cross as best we could tell. 

Took him to a new Vet and was told, on sight, he was overweight. Wah?

I went 'Karen' and told them to put Cosmo in a bath then see what he looks like!

After a weigh in, they told me he was 1lbs. overweight. 

I marched my Cosmo to another Vet who could tell the difference between fluff and obesity.

He was a perfect weight when he decided to leave us. 

14 years.  

He was a very good, fun and happy boy!
Sammys are so cute
FLOOFY
Adorable!!!
Literally my cat!!!! He has so much hair and my roommate is like, “why is he so far, stop feeding him so much” I’m like,”that’s all due dude”.
I saw this, like, half a year ago on instagram. And knowing the nature of instagram, this has already been posted on reddit......I'm calling repost
Having recently had to shave most of my Samoyed I can say with some authority that whoever traced that outline is overestimating the size of their dog lol
Hes just like my dog  Hes not fat hes just  fluffy
Like it or not this is what peak k-9 physique looks like
I'm just big boned!
Me too ☺️
S O  M U C H  F L O O F ! I want it
We believe you... ;)
Unrelated, is this an American Eskimo Dog or something else?
That’s my excuse for being obese lmao 😂
💕
What's the breed?
People say their dog is fluffy like this meanwhile its actually dying of heart disease cuz its so damn obese
Anyone else think of Gabriel "Fluffy" Iglesias? Good comedian :)
My Japanese Spitz looks a little like this (but smaller). Everytime we give him a shower we are reminded how tiny he actually is!
Legit fluffy.
Yeah you fuckin' are. Who's a fluffy fuck? You are!
This reminds me of my Chow Chow long, long ago.  Normally he'd be a huge ball of fluff, but after coming back from the groomer, the poor guy was like a twig with a face and legs.  He was always kind of resentful coming back, haha.
Good drawing of a dog tho
Such my dog. He’s a sheltie and every time I give him a bath he shrinks to 1/3 his size
Also what I tell my wife all the time.
You mean 'big boned'.
My husky has the opposite problem. He's not fluffy so everyone thinks he's skinny because they're not used to seeing a thin coat
Is that Akai's line?
So pretty
What a lovely floof!
*Thickk 😍
When you wash your dog and watch them shrinking haha. They're just furry.
How much for do picture of me now?
My doggo is like this but when I take him swimming , his fur suction cups to him and he looks almost underweight (he is healthy tho )
por que no los dos?
Floof
This is adorable
I'm not fat I'm big boned
Me too buddy... Me too...
Oh my God. I need more of rhese
Well, to be fair;) you can be fluffy and fat.
That boy should never be shaved (due to the double coat), but this is exactly how I feel when my cockapoo mix gets shaved and then her hair grows out all curly and fluffy. She looks so much bigger than her actual body is, and I love it! 

Cute boy OP has!
That is an amazing amount of floof
I demand pics of wet boi after bath!
I’m not fluffy. Just fat.
Did you name it Gabriel? And does it do comedy?
Incorrect spelling, it's actually floofy*
Just more to LOVE!
Your doge fat as whale
you r ok to be fat 🥰
Is this ray tracing
Y
dude this one time i went to kroger i got this crazy half off deal
Hes definately fat. Love chubba spitz though.
we have a fluffier doodle, who looks like a big dog until he's wet!
Wasnt that the name of one of Fluffys (Gabriel Iglesias) Comedy Shows on Netflix?
I try to convince my wife of the same thing.
It's so Fluffy I'm Gonna Die!!!!!
Just likes wearing big clothes, ok?
Samoyed...great dogs...both smart and kind
Can confirm, grandpup is a Samoyed - he’s very floofy all over, but thin when wet lol
Will try this.
me weariness ng baggy clothes be like
Should give him a six pack
a repost got over 100k upvotes....
OSTHORRRRR🥰🥰
Yeeeaaahhh!
That dog is fat
Highly recommend Dyson Animal battery-powered vacuum.
Hi fluffy
Very good one!❤️🥰
I wish we could shave it completely just for a second to see how they’d look lol
I love samoyeds!!! We had one when I was younger and absolutely loved her! She was the sweetest thing ever! I miss her so much. Give that doggo extra cuddles for me!
Begging in the kitchen...not a good look for just fluffy.
Thank God this was regarding a Dog, a very healthy dog....
I didn’t fucking ask
I have enjoyed this, have an up arrow.
This is the only case where its true and accepted
Can i hug him?
We could do this to fast people pictures lol
I would love to have a dog this fluffy but just even looking at all that hair is triggering my asthma :(
Much wow
I've got a fluffer myself,  a big St. Bernard named Padme and she's a maniac. I brushed her a couple days ago and so much hair came off that she had a different shape to her.
10/10, would squeeze (with permission) and go "Ohhh you're so fluffy!"
Nice and fluffy dog....
##
Holy shit that dogs fucking ripped
Years ago my brother brought home this huge dog which turned out to be this little dog with a ton of hair. 

I mean he was basically all hair and looked to weigh about 50 pounds but ended up he weight about 5 pounds and the rest was just hair.   We had a very small break in our backyard fence where the fence connected to the house.

 As big as he looked you would not think he could fit through the break, but every night when we put him out in the back yard he would squeeze through the break and go and gather all the neighborhood's shoes and litter our front lawn with them.  

Every morning I would have to go gather all the shoes and line them up on my truck and the neighborhood would drive by and collect them. He did not chew the shoes he would just go and get them and drop them in our front yard. 

It took us a while to figure out what was going on because every morning before we would get up he would go back through that break in the fence and be in the back yard when we got up.
Amazing
Fluffy and.... adorable, cute and gorgeous!
🐑💕
LOL...my collie feels the same way.
Gabriel Ifloofius
I wonder how often your vacuum cleaner is full.
I've been looking through comments trying to find pictures of these dogs with weighed down wet fur... Kinda surprised I haven't found one
He’s a chonk it’s okay
I’m not fat either I’m big boned
Same!
Now that's a lot of floof
Floofy*
Yes, i believe in you
cool
Also swole
[removed]
LOL very floofy
this tought me how to draw a dog
One of my cats in a nutshell. In fact, she's skinnier than the short fur one.
Looks kinda deformed tho •-•
I think we all know that
Cute and fluffy
This reminds me of the 50 Cent “The Massacre” album
“Big boned”
Your doggo jacked bruh
My fluff gets called fat too hahaha 😂 relatable
That's what everyone says...;D
Wewy fluffy
awoooooo
wait is the title a refrence to gabriel iglesus?
Somedays I wish I could justify owning a Sammy, but I don't walk much and summers reach 80° in NY.
This is awesome
Blue and White cat omg so funny
Holy sheet
I’m not fat...I’m big boned
Just the confidence I need.
I have a Maine coon and she basically shrinks in half during a bath lol
I also have a lot of lockdown fluff
fat
Is he funny too?
Gorgeous fur baby
Fluffatty
Extreme floof
Floofybabby
For a second I thought this was going to be a Gabriel Iglesas schtick. But at least I wasn’t disappointed. All dogs lose “weight” after a haircut, except for those breeds that aren’t very fluffy to begin with. I love the fluff! Give that awesome girl/boy all the treats because she/he can handle it. And give all the pets as well. I want to do it but I don’t know where you live. Is your dog interested in being stalked? For pure, unadulterated love, of course. Let me know.
So floofy!
Didn't Tim Cavanaugh write a song about that dog?
hes wearing armor
cute
Is this an Eskimo? I have an Eskimo who is just a bit on the fluffy side too! Cute doggie!
We have a goldendoodle, and swear he has actually gotten fat between grooming every time. Nope, shave him down and he’s this skinny, ugly mutt. 

https://imgur.com/gallery/CJ6liwQ
Samoyed #1 for me always
def fat tho
Or fat.
I'm not fat, I'm big boned!
[deleted]
Doge coin 💎🐾
Lol, reminds me when people would say “I’m big boned”.  Beautiful dog and looks very healthy.
t
He/she's just built different
People say my cat is fat, but when he had to get shaved he is so small!
Shave it or it’s just fat
Is his name Manfred?
No. He’s fat bro. I don’t get credit, so neither does he!
That looks like a American Eskimo had three of them growing up they got so much fur into one of the couches we had to get rid of it.
