My doctor has to do the same for me!
Can human doctor visits be like this too? I would be much more cooperative if someone gave me some, what I assume is peanut butter (?) and then hugged me.
At our clinic sometimes we would write the dog's name in cheeze wiz on the wall, and while they were licking it off we could give vaccines, or trim nails etc.
Bulldogs lack any awareness of anything happening around them if motivated by food near them. A pack of wolves could be charging towards one and if there’s peanut butter, it won’t give a shit.

Source - bulldog owner.
#WHAT A LITTLE MEATBALL
That's experience right there....
I feel like if someone stabbed me while I was eating a giant pizza I would be really pissed.
Why is the genuine happiness of animals so infectious?! Such an adorable little potato.
Brave of him to pickup up a bulldog right after it ate. That's the splash zone. Typically stay clear of mine until he shakes off. Normally get some kibble launched across the room.
Now if only my doctor could treat me this way, next time I need a jab...
That would have been good to know when 3 vets couldn’t hold down my cat
Okay but real talk that human is just as wiggly as the dog.
I don’t even think the bulldog felt it through their rolls
Was anyone else reminded of Ted from Schitts Creek?  This guy looks like him and this is something Ted would definitely do!
That's a cute potato!
That wiggle butt!
My sister’s dog did something interesting. 

She accepted the peanut butter, but when she put it on the ground, she distrusted the treat and sat away from the vet. “I’ve never seen that before,” the vet said. The dog ate the peanut butter after the vet left.
This is the "Fear Free Vet" practice!!! Love them.
A spoon of peanut better would cost around $200 in human hospital :)
[removed]
So sweet!!! The cuddle at the end.
Bulldog puppies are so fucking cute.
That vet is hot
Bulldog wiggle butts are something that will never *not* be adorabull
This is a fear free technique from an awesome tech. Know if you can’t come in due to covid we still love your animals!
Edit: Or doctor
I'm a vet and do this on every vaccination, most of my colleagues do it too. It makes your life much easy and on the next vaccination they will remember and are soooo happy to see you again.
I liked that vet. He's cute.
Dog Gone It!
I need a dog.
My wife is a vet, she says the animals on the whole are way better without their owners In the room they think it is due to the animals not feeling like they need to protect their owners anymore while away.

They do make an exception for the final visit obviously for owners in the room.
Last time I saw a needle and a spoon so close... ahh nm.
Where is the sound! I feel cheated out of adorable snuffles!
My dog recently had to visit the vet too. He was very happy going there. 

He got an injection, and puked all the things he was not supposed to eat, and was ill after that from the injection. He did not feel good after 2 hours and the vet suggested to come around to his office. 

Near the office the dog was all happy and feeling good again, so that saved extra treatment. He just wanted the treats at the vets office.
Genius
Dog's like "Y'all got any more of that peanut butter?"
I love that dog when the vet picks him up...fuck you, I want that food - put me down.
I wish this worked on cats too.
Get this man a medal!
That cuddle. Omg 😍
Sure you do this with a dog and it’s cute as hell; but when you try this on your human patients suddenly you have a “licence hearing” with your local medical board.
My cats go to a local animal hospital. It's on the high side price-wise, though not too much more than other options in the area,, but they pump in Feliway like a Cinnabon in the mall, and they give them all the tuna and concentrated catnip they could possibly want. My older cat, who's sweet but flighty around strangers, turns into an absolute lovebug. It's worth the extra bucks to make vet visits happier for them.
This is what a good veterinarian looks like. I've been so fortunate to aork with people like this taking care of my animals in the past (dont have animals atm) and its always easier when yoir animal sees the vet as a fun (or at least pleasant) experience because you don't feel like you have to drag them in. Good vets aren't just less stressful for the animal,  they're less stress for the parents too.
These are called “Fear  Free techniques”.
Hospital employees can be individually certified  as well as the practice  as a whole! 
For all animal lovers and humans in the vet field it is worth looking into! Such a different experience  for animals and less stress for the staff and patients.  
Imo: the pandemic and the amount of pet adoptions without proper socialization has equaled an overwhelming amount of pets with increasing fear, anxiety and stress! We need to do better for these animals that only want to do good for us! 
Thanks for listening ❤️
The vet lures my cat on the scale with easy cheese. He’s a doll at the vet but hates the scale for some reason
Awww, they're both good boys.
Wait a minute, is THAT why my doctors always give me a spoonful of peanut butter?  What the hell, man?!
We do something similar by smearing pill pockets on the exam table. I don’t think it is the best idea to let the dog chew on a metal spoon.
I have an Old English Bulldog and they absolutely have zero reaction to feeling the needle it's crazy.
All those rolls... he didn’t feel a thing
Please do this to me for Covid vaccine I hate needles and I like peanut butter
That how I get laid lol lol.
Unfortunately our dogs got into a fight with each other and both needed stitches and staples. We were on a long distance road trip with them when it was time to take the stitches and staples out so we found a local vet and they agreed to do the job. I was mildly nervous about the process but the vet, who happened to be a large animal vet (horses and such) just walked up to the dogs and yoinked all the hardware out. It took about 2 minutes per dog and they behaved like nothing was happening the whole time.

He said he had a client that was some large dog that was so well behaved that its owner would tell the dog to lift a paw for trimming and the dog would stand there with one paw at a time lifted so the vet could trim its nails.
It is sometimes that easy, although I would not give the dog a metal spoon lol. And hopefully not vaccinating in the scruff
u/savevideo edit: bot cant reply in the thread, heres the link https://redditsave.com/info?url=/r/aww/comments/lg6o7u/he_makes_vet_visit_look_easy/
Genuine question: what happens if the owner is allergic to peanuts? I’m just assuming it’s peanut butter.
I wish there was sound... *snort snort*
We have to do this with our diabetic dog twice a day. It’s always a race to get the insulin in while he’s still distracted by his kibbles and chickies
Wow... what a vet !!! The Best !
Things like this make me want to be a vet. Having to put down and see very sick animals keep me from being a vet
secret trick that makes Vet visits easy, bulldogs love him.
Is it still a bamboozle if the pupper doesn’t know he’s been bamboozled?
No fucks given when peanut butter is involved
I see no ring on this man. Reddit, help a girl find her soulmate. Connect me with this man!
The veterinarian's handling of the dog is excellent
That guy reminds me of Ted from Schitt's Creek. The hot, kind vet.
Dog :)
Oof, they better change their plan from a spoon to a pretzel stick or they’re going to be referring patients to my ER to have spoons endoscopically removed!
Doc,,,you're for sure in the right business,,bless you and your sweetness,,that fat morsel appreciates you,  awwww pups!
What a vet ! He did an awesome job. I’ve had dogs all my life and had good veterinarians but this guy is the GOAT of vets.
The $1.50/day in peanut butter expenses probably let them do twice as many examinations. :)
Look at those PAWSSS! He’s gonna be a big potato sack soon!!
That's the sweetest euthanizing I've ever seen.
Gave rottweiler puppy peanut butter during a bath once. Now he will randomly stand in the tub because he wants more peanut butter.
[deleted]
Anyone thinking of becoming a vet tech just know the job isn’t just playing with fun, nice puppies n kittens all day lol
I can hear that dogo's heavy breathing.
Have to do this twice a day for my diabetic cat. I was so bad when I first started.
Smooth
u/savevideo
This manz is a hero!
Very professional
u/savevideo
u/savevideo
Then you got the guy who talks into a shoe around his dog pretending to make a vet appointment and the dog goes nuts
I can watch this videos all day
this vet is portuguese! <3
Giving me some Ted vibes here... 🥰
I picked the wrong profession
"ez gg lmao"
Hot vet!
I feel like I’ve seen a few videos now with this vet being adorable, are these from an Instagram account I can follow? 🐶
That vet looks like the nicest human being
That dog is a typical Stacey, falling for some Chad.

JK, this is beyond adorable and he's a good vet.
I've never met him and I love him.
You're Hired.
What a a lil bubbers ❤️
Our vets’ hands are this swift. My pup and her vets love each other. She just thinks we’re visiting her friends.
u/savevideo
Am just about to wrestle/trick my cat into the carrier for a vet visit. Wish me luck!
TBH I wouldn't mind if this was how I got the COVID vax.  


(not that I have the chance to get that yet. But I do like peanutbutter...)
chonky boi
I read the title all bleary-eyed in the morning and thought it said, "He makes vet visit look sexy".

 Was not disappoint.
This doc seems to have trained with the Pediatrician we’ve all seen videos of who plays games and jokes around with his little patients while trying to give immunizations. All doctors... for people (of all ages), animals and the like should be like this!

Also, the puppy hug at the end - that’s his reward for being such a kind human.
Can I go next?
When you truly love your job♡
He blep for camera at the end. My eyes have been blessed by holy water
r/nextfuckinglevel worthy ?
I swear dogs don’t feel anything while they’re eating something they enjoy. My golden is so fidgety when he gets raked and nail trim. But as soon as I put a milk bone in his face for him to chomp on, he sits stoic as a statute and endures(ignores) whatever grooming is happening.
I hope when I get the COVID vaccine it’s like this..
This man is a genius.
What a cute snuggle bug. 😊
So sweet! Also everything about this man is sexy.
But the real question is. can he do that with cats
lol must get the food
My mom's old yorkie was diabetic and associated needles with food. And wanted attention from everyone and everything. The vet was heaven for her.
Why do they all have nice looking biceps?
yo thet was smooth
Lol. Now do it with my cat.
is this the vet from Schitt’s Creek?
That dog is so fucking hyped. I love it
This guy vets
/u/vredditshare
I need to make an ELI5 about why you need to find a blood vessel with humans but not with dogs
I love this guy
If that guy got into the roofy game....watch out.  That's how u end up in a shipping container.  ;(
What a beautiful puppy.
THE VERY LAST FRAME MELTS EVERYTHING INSIDE OF ME.
So cute😍
This is how I hope my covid jab goes down
What kind of dog is that
That is so smart !
u/vredditshare
u/savevideo
I’m wondering, is dog hating vets a myth ? 

My dog and friends dogs all don’t care/loves vet and apart from German shepherds and cats I haven’t really seen any dog terrified of the vet
Obviously a very young pupper. Otherwise he wouldn't have needed help to get the last of that peanut butter.
A doctor did this to me before by annual prostate exam...

I hope that was my doctor...does anyone else have a doctor who dresses up like the UPS guy?
Use a wooden spoon next time. 
I would not be happy with a cracked tooth. 
I never use metal spoons with dogs.
Cute video, just alittle side note.
My family's old dog Molly used to love the Vet and when my sister got a cat Purcy we would schedule them together; Molly's happiness helped Purcy know that the Vet is a place with nice people and, even with her being gone for over a year now, he still behaves himself whenever he goes.
Stealth.
Thank you so much for this. I truly mean it, OP, from the bottom of my heart. Thank you.
Cute cute
I really hope his owner doesn’t have a peanut allergy. Speaking from experience
Great vet no doubt, but I really think it would not work on my cat. He turns into a beast when we go to the vet.
Dudes a SNACK lmao
Is that Ted from Schitt’s Creek?
TIL you can just stop animals injections anywhere. Don’t need to find vein or anything
Imagine how much peanut butter he goes through.
at least the sweetheart won't be scared anymore! She/He'll love going to the vet in no time!
This dog looks like it wearing a cat skin
u/savevideo
This guy loves his job :)
That dog is jumping and wagging like... I know what that is on the spoon.
Lol
I’ll take both, please!
See?? If aliens gave us food while pricking and prodding us, and then later picked us up, caressed us and gave us a back scratch, maybe we'd be more willing to cooperate next time.  but oh not, they don't care about us.
I’ll take that vet any day woof!
So cute!
Wow, what a pro.
u/savevideo
That's not proper mask usage.
It's plain stupidity at this point to think raising a minimum wage would be a bad thing. You see it around the world and their countries aren't burning to the ground.
Man, use some gloves!
I see he is using the food distraction speed run mechanic
Of course it didn’t bother the little guy, he’s all wrinkle!
i eat peanut butter n feel no pain
THE doctor!
Thats a really cute dog - what kind of dog is it?
That's a really cute dog.

That's a darn good vet!
He’s so adorable
Masterful
I love him 😍
Gotcha bitch
What a zany little dude! That doctor's got the right idea.
 It’s peanut butter! He hasn’t discovered the fountain of youth for crying out loud
I like that he doesn’t let the mask stop him from giving kisses
Holistic peanut butter anesthetic: $45
So this is what Will did after his show ended.
$5 says my dog would still know what’s going on and not fall for his antics.
What a good dog!  This is exactly the kind of content that inspired me to make r/VetsWithPets!
Love the way the pup looks over the vets shoulder IMMEDIATELY after getting picked up just to make sure there wasn't any more pb to gobble
Wonderful!
So smooth
What a furry, lovable, adorable, huggable creature!😍
The puppy is a cutie too.
Can't wait till I can get my very own cute doggie like that!
/u/vredditshare
I need to see more of these.
Being a vet was one of my dream jobs. But with the amount of both money and time to become one, I lost interest. Not to mention I couldn't handle the negative aspects of it all. So, I took a different route and volunteer when I have the time to. Still get to help, just in a different way.
u/savevideo
Anyone else thinking of Ted?
Dog's not even wearing a mask. 

Ugh.
Chill with that metal spoon doc!
This guy does the same thing every visit
cute
Bully puppies are the cutest.
Sometimes I can’t tell if someone’s mask is nose-high enough and it makes me anxious.
❤️❤️
Awesome ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
My cat is diabetic and needs insulin twice a day. We have trained him that needle=feeding time and he has never given us any grief. But god help you if you feed him BEFORE his needle. He will be absolutely outraged that you didn't feed him after.
u/savevideo
This actually made my day better ❤️
Lol, he did not give a single fuck about that injection :D
Dog
Food Motivated 👌
Baby bulldogs are the cutest snuggle bugs ever.  So precious.
So wiggly
I feel this breed is perfect for subcutneous injections. Everywhere you grab you get a scruff.
What a great vet.
It's about the distraction, works on humans too. Give people something to be outraged about and they will let you rob them blind.
u/savevideo
I want a vet like him for my good boy!
Love my bulldog, they're the best (whether English or French).
The rabid eyes at the end desperately seeking more peanut butter 😂
Where is the sound!?! I want to hear the snarfing.
Peanut butter spoon works miracles.
Love it
I need a guy like this.
PAY ATTENTION COVID NEEDLE STICKER TYPES!
It's Ted!
Vets are just brilliant people.
My husband is a vet and he’s like this, it’s so cute. He also uses cheese wiz 😂
That guy is a true hero.
PLEASE GIVE ME A MAN LIKE THIS
Legend 😎
thats a guy who loves his job :)
Not on the right subreddit but there is a youtube channel called animal world tv where they torture mice we already took down mouse arrest and tortured baby monkeys niw we need to take this down https://youtube.com/channel/UCwXLw5yeEZiUCXyc8j1yaZQ
Damn
The betrayal
u/savevideo
What kind of pooch?
Paging McDreamy! Stat!
Covid jabs to be like
That's a "just *squish* the cat" level animal management.
What a great guy
:)
In human terms, the lesson I learned is to watch my back when I am offered gifts during stressful times because there might be a knife/needle coming to stab me in the back.
This guy clearly *loves* his job.
That’s awesome.

Our Labradoodle was always happy to go to the vet; she was happy to go anywhere and was so charming and lovable she truly believed everybody loved her, because they basically did.

She never complained about injections, she was just a really sweet girl.

Our Goldendoodle guy is a “nervous Nellie” - vet’s notes actual words...we can’t go in with him due to Covid, and I’m really proud that he does go in with them, even if he is nervous...that’s just the type of dog he is. He is still very sweet, and when he gets to know people, he’s very loving and affectionate (he comes up behind your and pushes his head and chest between your knees so you can give him chest rubs.

We had to rush him to the vet over the weekend because a cut or scratch on his face had become infected...hard to tell because of his coat, but we realised it had gotten pretty bad. 

He’s a trooper, though, despite his nerves.
I was totally looking at that peanut butter spoon, what did I miss?
Let’s see him trim my cat’s claws
Dentist really did a helluva job here
My Bulldog would have swallowed that spoon. No exaggeration sadly
Wow
I want this veterinarian to take care of my pets
I’ve watched this about 20 times in a row and it’s still amazing!
My idiot dog would have swallowed that spoon whole the moment the vet let go of it
u/savevideo
Plot twist: the pupper is being put down
Curry = over
Its peanut buttah jelly time peanut buttah jelly time peanut buddah jelly time
am i in love with him or the dog? him & the dog? idek
I wish this guy was my doctor
He is so adorable 😊
I'm 47 this year.  Going forward, I want any needles I take to be administered in this way.
Great way to be put down. LOL
what a pro, finding a vein just like that.
I’m in love.
I'm kinda scared of needles so hopefully this is how the nurse puts the covid vaccine in me
You could have a completely blank profile with just this video on Tinder/Bumble and your inbox would be full of matches in no time.  


Hell, you could probably still do well with smokes:daily, kids:Never, Religion:Extremist, Drugs: Daily, Alcohol:Daily, Exercise:Never.
Ted
Awww lol
oh! nice
Ted Mullens, is that you?!
Future husband material right there
Can we do this with people too...I don’t like needles and there’s no way in hell im allowing myself to hold up the covid vaccine line.
Next level, super professional ;)
This guy loves his job!
I love this little chonky puppy! So wrinkly!
I tried that with my dog and he swallowed the spoon. But mine is a shit
[deleted]
That’s a man who loves his job!
Wouldn't work for mine. My dogs hate peanut butter. They're weird
So cute
Well well well, if this didn't instantly obliterate my depression!
This is how I give insulin to my cat twice a day. Not to be a jerk but this is nothin’ special in my book.
The amount of passion in their job.
I really need to make the jump from being a  people physical therapist to doggy physical therapist
Total Ted Mullens r/SchittsCreek
very adorable
This vet has TALENT.
I wish my chihuahua would fall for this. She does even lick the peanut butter when she’s at the clinic.
I always got my vaccinations as a child from a savy veteran ER nurse who would sock you in the arm an instant before and you would hardly notice anything at all.  Distraction is a powerful ally.
Aahhwhw
I want one
Rollie pollie ollie
Any unnecessary risk to doggos teeth from the spoon?
One of the best parts about being a Vet is you get to cuddle your patients without getting arrested.
Gunna start seeing a vet instead of my doctor. Mofo gives me peanut butter and hugs!
So cute
Hahah yep how you do it !
He is sooo cute
I once gave our old bull dog around 6-7 spoon fulls of peanut butter for his birthday while mom was gone. That night he woke me up with the poops. I’ve never seen that boy run so fast down a set of stairs before. R.I.P Stouffer.
:D
"OH boy, peanutbutter!"

^^"ouch"

"Oh boy, peanutbutter"
My dog hates having his nails trimmed and passed out the last time he had them done at the vets. Maybe I should try this technique with him...
I'm gonna go on a limb and guess that it's not his first time
I should've been a vet ...fck !!!
I’d stop eating an apple a day for that.
So Aaron Rodgers is a vet in the off-season?
Wish my visits were like this.. Do that with a plate if brisket and I wouldn't notice either.
I miss my bulldog
I wanna work in that clinic- just to see that fur baby
He's done that before.
Did he just give an oral bord vax SQ
now thats one happy doggo
What a great job.
I wish I loved my job as much as this guy. I wish my job had puppies!
That is some professional multi-tasking.
My vet is fantastic in every way, he reminds me of this guy a bit. 

He has tried everything, but my dog gets so afraid to the point of aggression. I’m so thankful he is so understanding and patient and tries to make her visits go fast and as stress free as possible. :/
Wonderful
That vet should know better than to feed him chocolate though
Doctor Doctor!!
I fudging love vet videos, so wholesome.
Aww
What a fucking PRO!
That little guy/gal is going to love going to the vet!!!
The fact that this doesn’t have sound makes me very sad
I need this vet! For me and my dog! 😂
He's hot. 💝
This is probably not as easy as it looks. Doc here was really quick and precise with the needle.
😩😩😩😩 angel
u/savevideo
You could give this video the credits. It’s mine
@andresantosvet
Cute lol
.........
I need him for my boys, I can no longer accept any treatment other than this.
Food & cuddles- how you get me to do anything
I imagine you have to make the most out of these moments amidst all of the other heartbreaking ones
Beautiful puppy 🥰
I want him to gave me my anticorona
Wow I wish my vet was like that
Am I the only one who was/is more interested in the vet? Haha he's sexy af
He makes vetting look easy.
Plot twist: the fog is allergic to peanut butter
Man I love bulldogs 😍
Could he stick a hooman too? Asking for a friend. Just grab the neck up the same way and...oh wait...wrong sub! Sorry folks!!
Great Vet or Vet Tech there. Love it.
Legend
Dr Seuss here and you should see how I distract a cat. It’s with a hat
Pain is nothing if you can get peanut butter.
Now do it with a cat!
He has found his calling.  We should all be so lucky (as the pup)!
That's heartwarming
u/savevideo
okay but can i marry this guy
I wish I was this happy
This is the Chad of all dogs, he feels no pain
A real doctor?
A very cute vet.
2 good bois
Yo this peanut butter makes my neck hurt! Gimme more to confirm!
God damn it bulldogs are so precious.
naawww that is so cute!! <3
Wiggling what he ain't got
He reminds me of my bulldog link sadly I haven't been able to see him for a couple of weeks they both have the exact same tail and his face is also 2 colors
As cute as this is, I would not recommend this as a general procedure. I’ve been bit by many good boys while vaccinating as a vet tech. Definitely dont try this with a cat! You should always have two people (aka vet + owner or vet tech) when handling and calming nervous animals during this process. Chihuahuas are the most notorious.
I too, am distracted by peanut butter
As a lifelong dog owner, I can honestly say I've never had a dog as sweetly tempered and food motivated as my English Bulldogs.

They'll do anything for a snack. lol
I guess I have to tell my vet not to feed my dog peanut butter now. If he licked me after, I’d die lol
Omgggg what a cute doggo!!!!!
Uhuhtcutiee
The vet used to look at me like I was a crazy person when they asked me to help contain my old cat when he got his butt temp taken. I was like “no- he will be fine. Trust me”. Sure enough- the fucker would start purring when they put the thermometer in. I miss my little freak.
Good vets are absolutely worth their weight in gold
Aww this made me smile :-)
This is so fucking adorable
Legit curiosity with humans an injection like that could fairly easily lead to an abscess, afaik. Gotta sterilize the shit out of the skin to avoid pushing bacteria under the skin.

This is in ref to intramuscular injections tho ;). Is this a subQ thing or what? Honest question
I wish my doctor did this, I love peanut butter
Looks like he actually enjoys his work and FML every morning I wake up and think about spending the 8 hours with the people I hate the most.
That is one of the most gorgeous brindle coats ive ever seen in my entire life. I wish this dog was my friend.
So much coordination skills 😅
This guy Vets.
This guy gets a lot of "cats"
😻😻
I love him!!! The vet and the dog!!!
They should try this on anti-vaxxers
Very smooth
I always see stuff like this and think about how rewarding it must be to be a vet. Then realised how bloody hard it is to deal with animals suffering and passing. I don't know if I would cope.
 Dm me and get spoil I’m your sugar daddy
W
Dogs are so easy.
bet all his patients are from word of mouth. The waitlist to get this vet must be insanely long
Pup said "hey put me down there's a few more!"
He’s a speed runner for vet visits. He only participates in the singular pet 100% category
Ted, is that you??
I always throw my cat treats so he plays fetch and gets excited for it, and, he was always so resistant to taking pills or drops though, I once dropped a pill he had to take and because of the similar noise, he ran and excitedly ate it thinking it was a treat and I realised I've been getting him to eat pills the wrong way for so long. Now I just throw them like they're treats and he doesn't know the difference
Not aL hero's wear capes!!!!!
This is what happens when someone actually likes their job
This man has the Midas touch.
u/savevideo
Not aL hero's wear capes!!!!!
Is that smooth or crunchy peanut butter?
Das one cute pupper
My dog would've swalllowed the spoon by the time the vet was done.
Barrel
Karma>
Where were you yesterday when I had my echo and my EKG done?
The vet’s pretty awesome, too!
This seems like the fun stuff that Vets get to do but I am not sure I could handle the times that it isn't fun.
Good looking guy like that gives me peanut butter and calls me a good boy, I'd let him stick me too.
u/savevideo
So freaking cute!!!!!
u/RedditSpeedBot 0,5 butterflow
I wish my doctor would do this...to me.
My dog would bite *me* if that was her vet. She would betray her entire family for peanut butter and cuddles.
I’ll be honest, this would work on me too. Not that I would need to for my vaccines, but I fucking love peanut butter.
What a beautiful man
Is it bad I’m attracted to the vet now lol
Sometimes I wish to return to doggo. Simpler and more rewarding times. Oh how far I have strayed. :(
⠀⠀⡯⡯⡾⠝⠘⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢊⠘⡮⣣⠪⠢⡑⡌ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ⠀⠀⠀⠟⠝⠈⠀⠀⠀⠡⠀⠠⢈⠠⢐⢠⢂⢔⣐⢄⡂⢔⠀⡁⢉⠸⢨⢑⠕⡌ ㅤ ⠀⠀⡀⠁⠀⠀⠀⡀⢂⠡⠈⡔⣕⢮⣳⢯⣿⣻⣟⣯⣯⢷⣫⣆⡂⠀⠀⢐⠑⡌ ⢀⠠⠐⠈⠀⢀⢂⠢⡂⠕⡁⣝⢮⣳⢽⡽⣾⣻⣿⣯⡯⣟⣞⢾⢜⢆⠀⡀⠀⠪ ⣬⠂⠀⠀⢀⢂⢪⠨⢂⠥⣺⡪⣗⢗⣽⢽⡯⣿⣽⣷⢿⡽⡾⡽⣝⢎⠀⠀⠀⢡ ⣿⠀⠀⠀⢂⠢⢂⢥⢱⡹⣪⢞⡵⣻⡪⡯⡯⣟⡾⣿⣻⡽⣯⡻⣪⠧⠑⠀⠁⢐ ⣿⠀⠀⠀⠢⢑⠠⠑⠕⡝⡎⡗⡝⡎⣞⢽⡹⣕⢯⢻⠹⡹⢚⠝⡷⡽⡨⠀⠀⢔ ⣿⡯⠀⢈⠈⢄⠂⠂⠐⠀⠌⠠⢑⠱⡱⡱⡑⢔⠁⠀⡀⠐⠐⠐⡡⡹⣪⠀⠀⢘ ⣿⣽⠀⡀⡊⠀⠐⠨⠈⡁⠂⢈⠠⡱⡽⣷⡑⠁⠠⠑⠀⢉⢇⣤⢘⣪⢽⠀⢌⢎ ⣿⢾⠀⢌⠌⠀⡁⠢⠂⠐⡀⠀⢀⢳⢽⣽⡺⣨⢄⣑⢉⢃⢭⡲⣕⡭⣹⠠⢐⢗ ⣿⡗⠀⠢⠡⡱⡸⣔⢵⢱⢸⠈⠀⡪⣳⣳⢹⢜⡵⣱⢱⡱⣳⡹⣵⣻⢔⢅⢬⡷ ⣷⡇⡂⠡⡑⢕⢕⠕⡑⠡⢂⢊⢐⢕⡝⡮⡧⡳⣝⢴⡐⣁⠃⡫⡒⣕⢏⡮⣷⡟ ⣷⣻⣅⠑⢌⠢⠁⢐⠠⠑⡐⠐⠌⡪⠮⡫⠪⡪⡪⣺⢸⠰⠡⠠⠐⢱⠨⡪⡪⡰ ⣯⢷⣟⣇⡂⡂⡌⡀⠀⠁⡂⠅⠂⠀⡑⡄⢇⠇⢝⡨⡠⡁⢐⠠⢀⢪⡐⡜⡪⡊ ⣿⢽⡾⢹⡄⠕⡅⢇⠂⠑⣴⡬⣬⣬⣆⢮⣦⣷⣵⣷⡗⢃⢮⠱⡸⢰⢱⢸⢨⢌ ⣯⢯⣟⠸⣳⡅⠜⠔⡌⡐⠈⠻⠟⣿⢿⣿⣿⠿⡻⣃⠢⣱⡳⡱⡩⢢⠣⡃⠢⠁ ⡯⣟⣞⡇⡿⣽⡪⡘⡰⠨⢐⢀⠢⢢⢄⢤⣰⠼⡾⢕⢕⡵⣝⠎⢌⢪⠪⡘⡌⠀ ⡯⣳⠯⠚⢊⠡⡂⢂⠨⠊⠔⡑⠬⡸⣘⢬⢪⣪⡺⡼⣕⢯⢞⢕⢝⠎⢻⢼⣀⠀ ⠁⡂⠔⡁⡢⠣⢀⠢⠀⠅⠱⡐⡱⡘⡔⡕⡕⣲⡹⣎⡮⡏⡑⢜⢼⡱⢩⣗⣯⣟ ⢀⢂⢑⠀⡂⡃⠅⠊⢄⢑⠠⠑⢕⢕⢝⢮⢺⢕⢟⢮⢊⢢⢱⢄⠃⣇⣞⢞⣞⢾ ⢀⠢⡑⡀⢂⢊⠠⠁⡂⡐⠀⠅⡈⠪⠪⠪⠣⠫⠑⡁⢔⠕⣜⣜⢦⡰⡎⡯⡾⡽
I have the wrong job.
cute dog
Watching this hurts my fvcking back
Smart - Dog or human, always bribe them with food ;D
r/nextfuckinglevel
Gonna be me one day I hope 💪
Vaccines shouldn’t be given in the scruff like that.  Good method, but poor execution.  Each vaccine has a designated limb they should be going in subcutaneously.
Awee
I just had to put my dog to rest yesterday. She hated vet visits. Her vets were never bad by any means, but I wish her vet would have been this cool. Then maybe her last few moments wouldn't have been in her least favorite place.  Kudos to this veterinarian.
That was fire bro
Those are some fast hands!!
What a legend
Magnifique.....🤩
This is the schitts creek vet
Now that is a man doing a job he loves and it shows. Good to see.
It’s all fun and games, until you realize he’s putting the dog down
Some people in life were just made for their profession:)
Now try that with a cat.
^Finally something cool on reddit that I haven't seen before.^
This needs to the protocol at dentists. Id be able to go without a panic attack every year. 

LUCKY DOGGO <3
Good doggo, good vetto!
Psh, too bad pup’s got a peanut allergy
He just studied to be a vet because he wants to snuggle all the animals.
My $500 vet visits would feel better if mine were like this.
Ah the classic food bait
That final frame, the dog's like "WHERE'S THE REST OF THE PEANUT BUTTER?! I KNOW YOU HAVE MORE!"
I want to see him for my next doctors appointment 😊
Being a bulldog owner, I can confirm they are the most amazing pets.
Lmao
What a wonderful Vet!🐈🐶💜
Reminds me of them so called vaccinations being touted these days here’s some money , now inject this
You better stop with all this cuteness.
my man didn’t get to realize he got vaccinated
heard a opp was dead
Omg can he by my gynecologist?
The vet was great for sure. But how about how darn cute that butterball of a bulldog is????
He looks like his name should be Ted.
Whatif the doggo has but allergies and only eats organic gluten free almond butter?
Them crocs though .
Vets and doctors honestly should have to love their job to work there.
That dog is so cute.
He pretty stoopid.
Out of curiosity, how does the cost per injection compare to a pupper-sized dollop of peanut butter?
Awww he looks like such a great vet.
Yall know it work the same way with kids
So sweet!
$1000 bet to Camp Golden Years he couldn’t handle my 18 pound dog “Topper.” He’s my best friend.
u/savevideo
good man
a smart creative vet. I love it.
HUGE TO THE FCKING MOON 🚀!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
That’s what doing what you love looks like
What a great person! Distract the pup and do what ya need to. I bet that pup loves to go to the vet!
If only my proctologist was this clever  things would have gone a lot smoother
That’s awesome. Vet visits will be a good memory.
I hope they give me peanut butter during my COVID vaccination.
Best vet ever!
Das a good good boy
LOL that little meatball trying to eat the spoon!
So, ummm, I'm going to expect this treatment when i get my COVID vaccine.
Plot twist he’s getting euthanized.
What a pro!
this man is a saint
People who love their jobs this much always puts a smile on my face.
Best vet since Dr Pol!
Thats a salesman right there. You want all the business you can handle, make it easy for the dog owner. My dogs love the vet. I live down the street from my vet. Everytime we start to walk in that direction, it is all I can do to keep my pups from pulling me that way.
How could you miss sinking a needle in dose rolls?
Thats one handsome bulldog right der.
Thats one handsome bulldog right der.
I'd lick his peanut butter. ;)
My dog is PETRIFIED of going to the vet she will not even want to go in. SHHEEESH i need this vet
There are so many doctors, following the same technique even on the human beings.
This works on humans. I gave an anti vaxxer peanut butter and it changed its mind.
That doesn't need to be injected into a particular place? Or he is just so good he can grab some flesh and know right where to stick it that fast?
Zomers  will protect our lovely pets cats and dogs also developing new food I love Zom
With new technology from Zom veterinarians can get results faster save our pets zom medical
