This is great. Would love to know the context of how this particular scenario came to be.
Every time one stops and causes a clog in the chain, It makes me laugh and smile
Single file for about 10 seconds. Then it becomes a "is he still back there? I thought I saw a squirrel" file.
I've never seen so many corgis at once and I feel like my life has been incomplete until now
I...I need to know...why are there so many? Is this some kind of Corgi village? Or a holiday ritual? How can I be in that place? With the Corgis?
That's a lot of butt floof
I wonder if corgis are like the Nibblonians in Futurama: the most powerful creatures in the galaxy, but no one takes them seriously because they're too cute.
Only Imperial Corgtroopers are this precise.
Some corgies went rogue
Corgi conga!
Okay, who’s hoarding the corgis?
"They'll be back, and in greater numbers..."
IT'S A CORGA LINE
I may not be

The SchnoodleDo

But for this post

I'll have to do


"I luv my frens

I luv the snow

And if I don't

Know where to go


I take a look

Down at the ground

And put my paws

In paws I found!


In single file

I walk behind

Our true numbers

We must hide"


*Tiny Tusken Raider noises*
Their legs are so short that they create a thick line of defence
The one in the back was like..."f*** this shit I'm out!
I would totally watch a recreation of March of the Penguins but with corgis.
How is it possible for someone to have so many corgi pups but cannot find one!?!
You’re not Cheddar. You’re just some common bitches! 

Also: 
BOOOOOoooOoooOooOoooOOOOOoooOooone
The Corgis go marching one by one hurrah, hurrah...
My god there’s millions
What the hell is happening?! How did so many of these fuzz balls congregate together?
I have a corgi-border collie and he does that looking back thing exactly like them. They're checking to see if the situation with the human is still good. But when you have ten of them all checking, it gets a little random
The enemy will never know what hit them! 

Muuahahah!! (Throwing head back while laughing)
[removed]
If I was that human I would LAUGH every time I see one of their lil corgi heads turn around and give me the “he still there?” side eye glance, too friggen cute
KING OF THE NORTH
Who are they invading?
WHAT HAPPENED TO THE ONES THAT STRAYED FROM THE LINE 😭😭😭😭
I would follow them into the pits of hell
u/savevideo
Hope that isn’t the Teutoburg Forest.
How do you walk this many dogs in the woods at once without losing one?
u/savevideo
This is them after being startled and returning in greater numbers.
the queen of england's army!
It’s a Cornga line.
March of the corgis
Apex predators.
Tusken raider vibes
I love how any given corgi has about a 10-15 second period of confidence that mom/dad is still behind them and then has to check to make sure that everything's still okay. Adorable.
I love the way they’re looking back at the owner
I don't know but I've been told!
I call a group of corgis a corgisbord
u/vredditshare
Cuteness overload
The cutest invasion ever!
Where is this and can I go there?
Vicious butt cuteness.
Those aren’t Corgis... those are clearly lost Sand People.
They keep looking back, so cute
Tactical corgi column
i love how they keep looking back to make sure you are still there
Contact!  Squirrel 3 O’clock.  We lost Henry!
u/savevideo
I need to know about the ones who leave the line! Why did they leave? Where are they going? Do they come back? Are they okay? Answers, please!
Is this the Queen's army?
See this is why I fucking love corgis, they can’t help it they HAVE to herd. Every single one keeps looking back checking to make sure their person is there and then the ones that have to circle behind to really make sure?? Too fucking cute. I love them so much.  It’s cool to see my own try to herd me but this many is hilarious.
Only Corgi's are so precise!
Totally dying - could they be any cuter?
r/incorgnito
It always cracks me up how my corgi turns around to verify I'm still with him. This was the cutest thing I've seen in a while!
The way they keep looking back 🥺
It’s a corgipede!!
They will be back, and in greater numbers
Imagine a shit ton of corgis just charging at you
This is why they make such good mounts for fairies!
We'd best get in doors.  Corgis are easily startled, but they'll soon be back, and in greater numbers.
“Unless you’re the lead dog, the view never changes.” 

Yes, but have you seen the floofy booty!?
I love how they're all constantly making sure they check on you
This post is a lie. Corgis have no enemy.
Umm...what are you talking about? I only see bread loaves in the snow, no Corgis.
Okay but like how does this happen? Like where does one find all these corgis and get them to do this activity I’m always so amazed
Are we there yet? Are we there yet?
I think we are lost. Yes Yes I think we are lost.

I need to pee, I need to poo.
I am hungry.
Their little behinds shaking - OH MY GOODNESS!
You're losing corgis, man! Do something! Get some ham!
hold the fuck up
some of them have tails
*pushes up glasses* Their numbers are dwindling. Soon we will have the edge.
How does one become a corgi herder? Asking for a friend.
Atticus of Corginia is leading the pack
Never saved a post so fast
This is 🧚‍♀️ cavalry. You just can't see them
u/savethevideo
This post was the most awarded across all of Reddit on February 17th, 2021!

^(I am a bot for )^[/r/TopPostOfTheDay](/r/toppostoftheday) ^( - Please report suggestions/concerns to the mods.)
They are definitely preparing an ambush. Corgis peel off every few yards.
That’s a lot of corgis.
Vicious.
Just like in the wild!
I wonder if they have names and how often the owner messes it up, or if this is some strange corgi only snow walk adventure group
Or at least they used to... before they met Sniper Joe
These snoot points. Too accurate for sand puppers.
Dog-ipede
Wiggle waggle
The Night's Watch is looking good this year!
Oh, wow! Cheers and thanks for that! I snorted.
All the butts
The St. Bernard post and now this... I wonder if it is the same place??
This is the best thing on Reddit rn. I’m retiring as the winner.
Lots of fur booty there !
This is excellent
It's cute till this is a maddened manhunter pack of corgis bout to clap your rimworld colony's cheeks.
Why are there so many?
they're a bit uncorginated
Predator: wtf is this giant fluffy snake!??!?! Hecc this I'm outta here!
Who have corgis been fighting with?
That is so fucking cute
Uh quick question.
How the fuck did this guy get in this situation and how can I replicate what he did.
I want to be that enemy
WHY DO YOU HAVE SO MANY CORGIS???

(Asking for a friend)
Its the Fuzz Butt Express.
Five pups down, the squirrels got them.
This post is part of my ultimate fantasy.
Corgi Column
The fact the keep looking back is awesome. Herders at heart.
You reckon they know them all by name?
I’m not really a small dog kinda guy, but if I ever did get one it definitely would be a Corgi

Do they have any health issues related to their small legs or any other genetic abnormalities due to their size? They seem like fairly well shaped dogs, aside from their short legs.

Friend of mine used to have a miniature Doberman pincher, he was a bit high strung and you never could say “mouse” or “squirrel” without him going nuts for 3 hours searching the house (not kidding on time frame). It was a cool enough of a dog though.

I don’t know...miniature bred dogs just always seem like such an affront to the true nature of canines.
I like how they keep turning around making sure thw human is coming with them
The look backs get me so good
u/savevideo
Where is this dream world
How do you own so many corgis?
I love the sweet and loving look they did each time one of them looked back
what is your lifestyle like where you get to do this? like what steps did you take to get to where you are now and where do i begin?
Who let the dogs out?
Who, who, who, who, who?
TIL Corgis have tails like foxes
I find it adorable how the lil chonks look back to make sure you aren't lost
So this is the “Stairway to Heaven” Led Zeppelin was talking about
Any explanation, u/GuyWithRealFacts?
What in the love of all that’s holy is going on here????
I read the title to my partner and he thought I said Kourtney's, not Corgis. Hahaha
This is how Corginia from Infinity Train looks like in the winter
Dude started with 700  corgi and this the the last few minutes.

They all just kept noping out.
But how is their aim with a blaster?
The year is 2032. The Corgi Army only has Mozambique left to conquer.
bRUFFo six, going dark
That is a lot o fluffy butt!!
A Pembroke with a tail looks so weird to me.
I feel afraid for the ones that are leaving the line 😟
I have so many questions
Worst Iditarod team ever! In the running for the cutest though
Wow.. Well Behaved
One day they'll rise up and then we're in trouble. Unless we can find a slightly higher thing to stand on.
Corgis are not stupid.
Where are the ones pealing off doing heading back. Adorable every one of them
The plural of corgis is florgis “a flock of corgis”.
Would love to go hunting and see this
Winter is coming and it's adorable.
corgiorgy.com (sfw)
Nam memories...
To Valhalla!
Who is the lucky owner of alll of these corgis?!!
How and why are there so many???
That is fantastic! Corgis are just awesome!
Imperial puppers march side by side.
Release the hounds !
I just want to say that I absolutely love Corgis with tails. I don't know if it's a gene thing or people are docking them but I need more Corgis with tails.
“several pups break off from the formation to create tracks to further confuse the enemy pursuing them”

(they are most definitely NOT chasing squirrels.)
The most important thing to a corgi is being involved in whatever is happening
I can just imagine some relaxing Skyrim ambient music over this.
These are trained pumps! They look back frequently to make sure the handler is still headed the same direction. I love it!
I’m assuming Lord Corgwallis is the commanding general at the front of the column?
“There will be a day when the strength of corgis will fail...

But it is not this day!”
#CHEDDAR
How does one obtain such power?
So many loafs🥺✊🍞
ITS A CORGI CONGA
u/savevideo
Thus I shall join...
Wiggley butt fluff.
These cute little creatures can have no enemy 😍
The queen’s brood is getting out of hand.
Who the heck has this many corgis??
Why are there so many? Where are they going?
"is dad coming?" "is dad coming?" "is dad coming?" "is dad coming?" "is dad coming?" "is dad coming?" "is dad coming?" "is dad coming?" "is dad coming?" "is dad coming?" "is dad coming?" "is dad coming?"
I need an army of corgis
I love how they all periodically check to make sure you’re still with them
/u/pusixa uite tu ce de cururi mici 🥰🥰
Does anyone know what a Corgi’s natural enemy is/was?
u/jay77097
You lost so many along the way
He lost like 4 dogs
I just want to know where someone gets this MANY PUPS
“Bruce! Back in line, you stupid twat!”
Few of them went AWOL suddenly XD
CORGI CONGA
CORGI CONGA
Forget about conga lines, corgo lines are so much better.
Who is their enemy?
That’s one of the most beautiful things I’ve ever seen. thanks to whomever it was that has helped to bring all those sweet little corgis into this world
WHO IS THEIR ENEMY?!
I like how they keep peeling off. It's such a mysterious video. Oh, enigmatic corgis in the snow!
Looks like Britain found somewhere to colonise.
I don’t know what’s going on but I need to be apart of it
*must. Have. Corgi.*
What exactly would an army of corgis battle I wonder
so cute im dying
The enemy?
Sooo, are there like packs of wild corgis out there? Who's they're enemy? So many questions...
Oi where did you get the queens new army footage? That's illegal
I'm confused, is this a colony of corgis, or a brood, or a stand, or a parliament?
They frighten easily, but they'll be back and in greater numbers.
u/savevideo
This so sad I hope one day that the generational hate between corgi and dachshund breeds will end. Peace and love is the answer.
... are you still with us human? .... still there? ...
OMG I love Corgi butts!
Most adorable army ever!
[removed]
That's a lot of corgies 😆
I’m a little cake boy
A good $30-$50k In corgis
Lucky so lucky cameraman/woman.
Whats up with people having a million dogs and sky high snow?
They invade Russia in winter, for it is unwise, thought their number may assist them.
Ah reminds me of runescape, going into wilderness to PK, we would all follow the leader so on the minimap it looked like 2 people.
Yeah, here come the woofster.
You know he ain't gonna dieiiiieeee
I hate snow. It’s cold and fluffy and wet and it gets everywhere!
I'm assuming the breakaways had to pee... so they don't get lost.
Corgi’s can be nasty. Previous employment took me to a lot of horse farms. Was told the Corgi’s are there to protect the horses in the barn. They were not friendly.
Some of them broke formation! Chase down the deserters 😂😂
Where is this magical place of corgis?!
I like how they keep checking to make sure the human is there : )
Muster the Rohirrim!!!
They're clearly travelling in the hard direction.
Plot twist, those are Roman dogs and they're in the Teutoberg Forest. u/JediWithAnM4 give me back my corgis.
We're going on an adventure!
Living life in a big plot of snowy forest herding the corgis around. Living the absolute dream.
You still there?! You still back there!? Hey you there??!
HOW MANY ARE THERE THOUGH?
Seriously though, what is going on here? And how can I be involved in this Corgi conga line?
I need to know the context of this. Wjy are there 2 dozens of corgis running through this snowy forrest? 


But which one is cheddar? She is not a common bitch.
Marching like... left, left, left right left... march on!
Where are they going? Can I come too?
Corgipillar
“It’s just a basset hound... oh shit!”
Why so many corgis and where are they going? I want to go to there.
Wow, that is a fluff-load of corgis!
This is driving my wife nuts, haha. 

“How does he have so many Corgis‽ why?!”
Omg what’s going on here
I can honestly say I’ve never seen a corgi with a long tail.  I thought they were born with with a short tail this whole time.
Just corgis, walking around.
They kept looking back to check if the master was still there 🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰
I want them all
Off to pull the queens sled.
This is the way.
Forget Congo-lines, I want a Corgie-line
The world needs more Corgi parades
Well.. as adorable as they are, I don’t give them a passing grade. Many soldiers lost along the way. Bless em.
I don’t think pups are worried about the enemy.
"Which one is mine?"

*"They are all yours, Mr. Angiers."*
Where are they marching too?? What's going on?? How does one get this lucky to land so many doggos???
Dat ass(es).
Roommate had a Corgi when I lived in Montana.  When he had to go out we just dropped him in the snow and picked him up when he was done.  It must suck to have short little legs in 4’ of snow.
"the enemy", makes it sound like they're fighting bandits or something.
I didn't realize I needed to see a puppy parade, but I'm glad I did.
We lost a lot of good floofs out there today.
Found Corginia on the Infinity Train
I have many questions. The first one being how does one join this company of Corgis?
The great Corgi Army of the North!
u/vredditshare
I love how the pups look back for reassurement
Why do most Corgi owner's chop off the tails?
How did this happen
Why did this happen
Can I be there when this happens again
u/savevideo
u/Powerctx :)  It's a Corgi army!
This is epic but why exactly are an army of Corgis marching through the wintry wood?
Good
/u/vredditshare
I want a corgi so bad
Sand people always walk single file to conceal their numbers.
My kids spent a week screaming “TO WAR!!!” At our corgi after reading that they served as war horses for fairies.
I love that sound
They got the idea from some Dalmatian buddies.
And I can't even get one corgi...
TIL Corgi’s are Sand People.
u/savevideo
This Game of Thrones season is gonna be off the hook.
Must follow the loafs of bread
It’s a Welsh legend that fairies would ride corgis into battle.
I’d be so afraid of a coyote snatching one of them up.
What do you call a lot of corgis in one space?
AIM LOW BOYS, they’re riding ponies!
Where they goin
The enemy only sees one fierce corgi attacking them until the one becomes many
How many did they lose?
I thought only banthas did that... 🧐
Can I just have one !
What do you call a line of corgis?
That’s a lot of bread.
Op im legit curious, why/how do you have this many corgis.
I too would also like a congregation of Corgis.
You’re losing a few along the way
Basically the dwarves and hobbits of dogs.
nice
The way they keep looking back😂
Caesars’s 10th legion marching through Gaul, colorized, circa 52BCE
They keep turning around to make sure the human didn't get lost.
u/savevideo
Who owns or has access to so many Corgis?
If this could just be one of their ASMR 6 hour videos, that’d be just the best
Too cute.
Upvoting for the title!
Question to me, is when do they do that?  I'm no expert but i didn't expect them to be in the wild, nor do i expect them rove in packs like that.  So strange.
This is so cute
CUTEST DOGS I’VE EVER SEEENNN
u/savevideo
Why do some corgi have tails and some don’t?
Corgi Concession
u/savevideo
So who exactly is the enemy?
One for all and all for one
u/GetVideoBot
The dude lost like 8 corgis during this filming. NSFW
[deleted]
AWWWWWWWWW
Does this remind anybody else of the Disney's 101 Dalmatians cartoon? I. Am. SWOONING 🥰
The Alaskan wastes are not to be traveled lightly!
They aren’t very good at it 😂
Queen Elizabeth invading Finland, she forgot to tell the rest of the commonwealth.
How does one acquire this many corgs and how do I do it ASAP
u/savevideo
I never knew I needed a herd of corgis until now.
Corgis March in single line to hide their numbers...
Ein, where are you?!
How has nobody asked where the diverted pups went? I need to see a post of someone that's collecting stray corgis
Little did the enemy know they were strong in numbers....
My god... it’s the perfect storm
so cute
Where did they all come from?
How does one attain this many corgis without being the queen of England?
Looks like some of them went AWOL.
Wow lol
yooo how fucking cute
I’d let them invade my nation
This how you know you’re getting close to hidden treasure.
u/savevideo
I really want to know what’s going on here
It you ain’t the lead dog the scenery never changes
I want that many dogs to love me all at once
And these...blast points.  Too accurate for Corgis.  Only Imperial Dobermans can be so precise.
They're CORGIS. Who are their enemies???
As a teacher, this is a prime example why you need one teacher at the front and one at the back to round them all up during field trips!
Like a $20,000 parade try to conceal their value by going single file.
Cute
Like Tusken Raiders (Sand People) from
Star Wars.
That’s not Cheddar. That’s some common bitch
Oh no! They stoped going in a line! The enemy will know!
I can’t be the only one who’s mildly concerned about one of the ones who walked off getting lost can I?
Soviet citizens being marched to gulag for setting up small private trade.
u/SaveVideo
They look a tad overdressed for Tatooine.

Still, the Sandpeople may still invite them over for dinner.
A lot of boots!
A lot of boots!
🥺my heart I can’t love
/u/GifReversingBot is this video too long to reverse?
u/savevideo
I assume they're peeling off to guard against guerilla action from the rear rather than succumbing to losses from getting overly cold tootsie paws. The attrition rate appears quite large. They can't keep defending forever with such losses.
These gender reveals are getting out of hand
“They always ride in single file to hide their numbers” -Obi-Wan Kenobi
Why would they wanna conceal the strength in number? 

&#x200B;

Are they hunting? Would they not get destroyed by an enemy . They are pups?
counted 3 that tried to escape
It's a conga... I mean corgi line!
Awww, they all want to be the one that's closest to the owner.
Looks like my first day in Boot Camp
Jump in the line ; rock your bread butt
Im pretty sure it's just the easiest path,but hay, what ever floats your boat.
Looks like the start of an epic journey
Love how they all keep looking back to check on their hooman
 [u/savevideo](https://www.reddit.com/u/savevideo/)
 /u/vredditshare
They should put Tusken raiders action figures on them
u/savevideo
I want one...
u/savevideo
The fairies are off to battle on their war machines
A corgi walked here. And another. And another. And another. And...
The Company!  Pack of corgis will always make me smile
They’re so cute!
U/savevideo
4 corgis were lost along the perilous journey
Collateral x 20
The fellowship of the Corg
Where did the breakaways go?  Are they safe?
You can't just something so glorious without any explanation. Someone tell how this came to be right now
I can’t be the only one that was thinking in military commentary watching this, right? 
“Marching in line, I like it. Oh damn, we lost one... He still hasn’t come back.. There goes another... Two more... They’re breaking rank. Oh man, we are not going to win the war at this rate.”
In irish legend, faeries road corgis into battle.
u/savevideo
A few sneaky bois broke off to flank from the back.... ambush sure to come.
This is any apex predators buffet line. Oh man.
Are they also easily frightened but come back soon and in greater numbers?
I was waiting for Red Alert 2: Hell March
Why are there some many!?!
Corgi sounds like the plural already, like the single is corgus and this is a group of corgi
HOLD THE LINE
Dwalin, Balin, Kili, Fili, Dori, Nori, Ori, Oin, Gloin, Bifur, Bofur, Bombur, and Thorin.
Tusken Raiders will one day have their revenge! How dare they try to mimic Tatoonie’s most savage race of a conquerors?!
What.?
nice dogy
/u/gifreversingbot
Does one person own all these Majestic Beasts?
Now I’m consumed with curiosity wanting to know where they were going.
u/savevideo
Corgi are bantha fodder
“Someone took our fluffy boy.”
I love how they all turn around at least once to see if their owner is following them lmao
u/savevideo
Wolves be like: The banquet has arrived!
Corgi pups have enemies?
r/hitmanimals
u/savevideo
My heart
Emus of the north
But my Lord, there is no such force
Game of Thrones would have ended so differently had House of Stark's sigil been a Corgi rather than a wolf.  
  
&nbsp;  
&nbsp;  
Change my mind.
So cute!
Got any more of these snow trail herds of dogs? 

I could use some beagles, and bassets versions of these
That one walking backward got me weak haha
/u/vredditshare
u/savevideo
ya lost two there
That strategy didn't work too well for the Romans in the Battle of Teutoburg Forest
They stay in line cause its the path. That leader corgi is a true champ!
I count 5 dogs who broke the line and wandered into the woods. 
  
Likely behind the cameraman, but still concerning
I always think corgis look like a dog I’d love to have —- until i read about how much they shed.
They’re walking right into a Pomeranian trap.  It’s the teutoberg forest all over again.
Do they all have little boots on? How much time does that take, getting everyone ready for a romp in the snow?
Pretty sure they’re just following the path.
I mean it’s cute and smart. But they’re doing a pretty shit job of it.
How bitches line up for me..... NOT
Unseen footage of U.S. Army platoon “Raging Hounds” moving to reinforce Ardennes during the Battle of the Bulge.
-Circa 1944 (Colorized)
Isn’t that just the most efficient way to walk through snow anyway? I do the same thing when hiking through snow. Easier once packed down.
What enemy? The Snow bunny?
#A pack of Cheddars!!!
u/savevideo
A wandering pack of corgis has joined the colony.
Or they tried to, anyway.
This is it.. this is heaven..
FOR CORGIA!!!!!
March of the Corgis....wait gotta herd those reindeer
Should they be pulling a sled or something?
Wow it’s a luxury puppy mill
Was totally expecting a corgi ambush at the turn of a corner with them gradually dropping off.
I could watch this all day
u/savevideo
One pup infront of the other
Nah nah nah nah
And soon they being running across the snow! 
(Sing it)
“Come along Hooman,  we waitz for ya”
U/savevideo
u/vredditshare

Edit: https://gfycat.com/ConsiderateHairyAustralianshelduck
Has anyone seen a pack of corgis take down a moose in the wild? Quite the sight.
How many Corgis does it take to go to the store?
I knew I herd them coming
Do their feet get too cold?
[deleted]
Everything’s all good on the gravy train till the meet a pack of wolves in single file line preparing to teach the young to hunt.
David Attenborough needs to narrate their march through the snow: 

“These pups are learning the most important life lesson. Survival. Following the pack leader as they March through the snow to the hunting grounds. Marching in a straight line the pups will take turns leading the pack as treading through snow can be tiresome for their short legs. But don’t let their short stature fool you, these dogs can explode with speed at a moments notice to catch their prey. Their large ears amplify their prey movements through and under the snow.
But are their blaster hits precise?
I love the chain reaction
Where there’s a whip

*wha-psh*

There’s a way
Army of the borks.
How are none of them barking
They look back from time to time to make sure the oddest one of the group doesn't get lost
Love the outriders splitting off to confuse the enemy.

u/savevideo
Title this :  This is the way...🐾
Why is no one talking about why there are so many Corgis??
corgis don’t have enemies
u/savevideo
"We lost 4 commander!"
How many corgis do you have to own before you stop naming them and just become the caregiver for a colony of dogs?
u/savevideo
Or they just follow each other along.
So, what happened to the ones that ran off? Deserters!
This is 100000% corgi behavior and I am here for it. The constant checking back
The ones with the long tails are so much cuter.
u/vredditshare
As a corgi owner, how the crap did they get them to be so quiet?   All mine do is bark at random things.  All.  The.  Time.
So one of the reasons I first fell in love with Corgis is that, in Welsh folklore, they are helpers of the wee folk - they pulled the carts and carriages of fairies and fairies also rode them into battle.  Their short legs made them ideal companions.  Dogs are often portrayed as noble warriors descended from wolves, I love it that corgis were seen as perfect for pulling fairy carts.   I just think that’s such a charming legend so I’m going to pretend that this line of corgis is marching to help some small mythical beings.
u/savevideo
u/savevideo
what a delightful sled team they would make
The calm before the battle

Reddit - corgi - Medieval Corgi fight [x-post from r/funny] https://www.reddit.com/r/corgi/comments/1cabyx/medieval_corgi_fight_xpost_from_rfunny/
u/savevideo
Cuteness patrol!
Snoot to Butte, this is how we get so cute!
u/savevideo
u/savevideo
What magical corgi-landia is this place? I must visit!
Never seen a Corgi tail before. They are beautiful tails.
This is the best thing I've seen on reddit so far🥺🥰🥰 the amount of cuteness in one video is impeccable!
You've heard of a conga-line, now get ready for a corg-a-line!
/u/savevideo
We shall finally catch those damn squirrels
It would take forever to pat all those booties
Username checks out.
u/SaveVideo
They are genius things
Desertion won't be tolerated!
How do they have so many
String Cheese
Doesn’t single file make them easier to count
I can't get Hell March 2 out of my head
Send this to the Queen
Omg
They don't really hold the line tho do they
u/savevideo
I love how four corgis just disappear in the span of 45 seconds. I can see why the owner/caretaker is in the back with those corgis, not in the front with the others.
They’re like sand people... but In the snow.
Corgi caterpillars keep on going
I wanna ride that corgi train
Love that even the ones in front are turning to make sure human is still following.
THAT CORGI WALKED BACKWARDS?!?!?!

Idk why I'm surprised by this, why shouldn't animals be able to walk backwards?! I think I've just never seen a little corgi do this do smoothly...
No
Nobody expects the Corgi Inquisition!
The corgi centipede.
Why is there so many
Reminds me of school excursions as a kid. Except more organised.
u/savevideo
Corgi: Are we there yet?

Corgi: Are we there yet?

Corgi: Are we there yet?

Corgi: Are we there yet?

Corgi: Are we there yet?

Corgi: Are we there yet?
The ones that try to walk backwards to watch the camera person are my favorites
They're good boys Brent.
awhhh
That’s a lot of corgis. Do you breed them or race dog sleds or something? (And yes, I am aware that dog sleds are usually pulled by huskies.)
Circa 1942 Norway, WW2
u/savevideo
The corgi army, fierce and ferocious
/u/savevideo
Awww
Corgis are smart and vindictive little bumholes. I hold a strong grudge against all of them after my last renter had a serial pooper would would break into my house through the dog door to poop in my living room.
It’s a.... CORGA LINE!! Do do do do DO SPLOOT, do do do do DO SPLOOT.
So cute. Army song for corgi basic training: those corgis don't know what they've been told, all they is they want their warm home, paws on...one two... Paws off three four...
Upvote with the amazing caption
That’s a lot of loaves of bread trotting through snow 😂😂😂
Sergeant we lost 4 of our troops
So adorable!!!
/u/savevideo 
/u/savethevideo 
/u/savethisvideo
/u/vredditshare 


/u/vredditdownload
Winter is coming.
Newfies are the cutest pups tho
If I had a gold to give you would receive
Such strength!
Corgi's have no enemies, their are too cute :D
Move faster! 

The human is catching up to us!!!

I KNOW!!

Disperse! Disperse!
What is the true enemy of the Corgi? That they have to run like that?
Why have I been seeing so many videos of army’s of dogs in the snow I swear there’s a new one every week
I want to know what the ones that went off the trail found!
How come some don't have a tail?
Star wars reference?
OMG cuteness overload!!!
I was expecting some sun tzu quotes here
I reckon the ig memers will be taking distributing this delightful content soon
/u/vredditshare
Micro-Banthas
Where’d they run off too?? I need to know!
If you walk without rhythm, you won’t attract the worm...
why are there so many corgis in this place at once? are they feral/wild sub species?
Why so many... went from cute to odd...
u/savevideo
u/savevideo
/u/savethevideo
/r/corgismirren
More like conceal their strength of cuteness!..

I’ll see myself out
Children are fast but the harvester is faster
*The Queen wants to know your location*
What enemy?!
Definitely not because there's a trench in the snow so they won't be buried up to their little (but MIGHTY) legs
That could make a mean collateral
im high as a potato right now and i cant stop picturing some major animal conflict like lord of the dog rings or something and like these corgis are marching off to some battefield for the fate of Middle Canine, like the video looks cute but in actuality some of the corgis aint makin it back from the Fields of Playmore
This is magnificently magical
Where are the other ones going? Don't leave them behind :(
Wait is that why soldiers march in a line in war movies?
I think the real question is how can I find this many corgis in a single location?
Who's the enemy?
We lost 4 comrades, chief.

(Hopefully theyre all following the camera man.)
Well this is adorable lol
I love this
Looks like a Doge train to me!
dassa lotta doggos
DESERTERS!!!!
All these beauty’s yours?
Are they all yours? And if so, why so many?
Oh, who has so many when I don’t have ONE yet???
Made my day!
*Stevie nicks, offscreen* 'and they'll never break the chain... Break the chain.....'
What Disney movie is this?
u/savevideo
They’re like lil penguins
u/savevideo
u/SaveVideo
Furreal tho, how are they keeping track of all of them?
Hi Ho hi Ho, watch our little feet gooooo
What side quest are they offering? I'll gladly join them.
Awww the cute little waddles
u/savevideo
Who is the enemy hahah
A couple of them have full tails! I’ve never seen them not docked
They are practicing to join the army
All in all it's just another corgy in the row.
Ridiculously cute!
This is so funny!
The corgi army traversed the snowy terrain, undaunted by squirrels or their chonkiness. They know their mission is to dominate humanity with their cuteness.

I for one welcome our new corgi overlords!
they really wanna say henlo to someone
a corgi-line
This made me feel so good I had to give you my free award.
Me and the bois did the same thing at buffets.
"Corgis Join"
irl Rimworld
u/savevideo
The corgis march on one by one, hurrah, hurrah...
