I'm choosing to believe that the pink layers are ham.
My eyes: aw, pretty!
My taste buds: ugh, fondant.

Edit: currently up to ~~14~~ 15 r/fondanthate mentions 🤣
I hope someone ate all that excess trimmed off sponge!
Man did such a great job only for you to badly crop his username out and not even credit him :D. Truly r/aww. 

/s
Such a contagious smile :)
That fondant sigh. All cake decorators know it. Turned out beautiful.
How is this r/aww? It's more like r/oddlysatisfying
This is probably the oblongest video ive ever seen
I mean it's cool, but where's the "aww"?
I don't think this is the right sub, but great video anyways
I think guys who bake are incredibly sexy.
tf does this do in r/aww ?
My man fucking killed it. His midway pause resonated with me cause pastry can be fucking brutal. What a fucking boss.
That is adorable, the excited little reaction he has at the end
Interesting video and really cool, but is this what          r/awww is now
I know this comment will be downvoted a bunch, but I'll ask it anyway. Am I missing something? Why is this post on r/aww?
Nice job, wrong sub
Wtf is cute about this
Why is this on aww?
I don't see how it belongs here. Looks cool, though.
I come here for kitties and puppies. Wtf is this shit.
This shouldn’t be here
Wrong sub
Wrong sub
This is cool, but it’s not cute
this is just a generic tiktok, there is nothing “aww” about it. wtf?
Ugh fondant.

r/fondanthate
I am so.happy to see him so full of joy on his achievement
i can appreciate the "im balls deep now and have to see it thru to completion" sigh
What's the "aww" part?
r/lostredditor
Marvel is really pushing this new Falcon and Winter Solder show hard.
Does this guy have a youtube channel?
how is this cute or aww? at least its better than the fucking elmo girlfriend post
I guess he won’t be on ‘Nailed it’.
Maybe it's just me, but I don't see what is so "aww" about this. It's just a dude and some cake. Am I just so burnt out from humanity these days that even a simple cake-making video gets my jimmies rustled?
Aw that "moment of truth" expression was just fucking precious. <3
r/MadeMeSmile
What is up with these comments fetishizing/infantilizing black people?? Fucking weird. They are not a fucking zoo exhibit, nor are they fucking children.
Putting this in /r/aww is infantilizing and somewhat racist. This should be in top talent, oddly satisfying, cooking, etc.
[removed]
If anybody was wondering the background music is the instrumental of 34+35 by Ariana Grande
WTF is this video doing here? This isn't the subreddit for this.
I don't think this belongs here.  I do follow this guy on Tiktok tho.
bruh delete this from this sub rn lol
Christ reddit is racist.
Fuck fondant
Awesome!!!
Why is this on r/aww?
His face working with the fondant... Lol. it looks awsome
This beat tho
Me, who's never had fondant but browses r/FondantHate for the pretty cakes: *irrational horror*
u/savevideo
So, he's a cake decorator doing a basic cake and that's an r/aww?
Wait, why is this on r/aww?
Why is this in awww
I’m sorry, but HOW is this /r/aww content?!
How is this Aww?
Ehhhh I don’t this belongs in this sub.
yeah the video is lovely and i enjoyed watching it but what is this sub even for at this point?
I didn’t come on r/aww to see a fucking strawberry
Why is this r/aww material? No hate I just don’t get it
I came here to see cute animals, not some guy making a cake.
This is not cute
Change my view: If this was a regular white guy this would get only half the upvotes
[removed]
Why is it in reddit ,, aw " ?
So what? So he made a cake - cute cake, but nothing what must be in aw.
r/fondanthate is gonna be pissed.
This video doesn’t belong here
Aaaand he covered it it fondent so its gonna taste like shit
What’s the red cloth thing he wrapped around the cake?
He's cute and all but why is this in r/aww? Lol
r/fondanthate
Me: Wow, pretty!

&#x200B;

My brain: r/FondantHate
Wait, why is this on r/aww?
He did but why is this on aww?
r/fondanthate
Wrong sub?
Had me until the fondant. That stuff's gross.
Fondant is gross
Closed it as soon as I saw the fondant, lol.
It was going so well till the fondant attacked.
Why is this on r/aww not r/nextfuckinglevel. 
I’m not even a white knight sjw in the slightest but this seems racist no?
I need to see more of cake being carved like shawarma
The number one part of my brain that prevents me from getting into baking is that conditioned section that freaks out at the sight of cake bits being cut away when making something like this. "WHY ARE YOU WASTING SO MUCH CAKE?!?!"

I mean, I'm pretty sure those bits get eaten by the baker and anyone around wanting to snap them up, but *I still can't stop* this part of my brain from going ballistic every time I see it.

This is why every cake I make is round or square. No exceptions.

That is a pretty damn amazing strawberry though. The chocolate at the end was a nice touch.
The best part was watching how happy he was while making it. :)
Berry good
Respect!
I absolutely love his expression at the end when he sees that he has nailed it
Man has skills
Fucking SO AWESOME!!👏👏👏
I would be eating the bits he cut off. 😋
Love how happy he is when the choccy application goes well....
Goddamnit he's cute. And I ain't even gay. 
And he's got the nicest smile I've seen in a while. Reminds me to smile more.
I love that moment when his arms are tired from the tedious work and he pauses, catches breath, and continues on. Feel the burn! What a champ.
It looks nice, but it's covered in fondant so I'm sure it tastes like shit.
As soon as I saw the fondant, I thought "oh no, I don't want to read the comments."
Not really aww, just a dude making a cake
????
Wrong sub
I think this would fit better in r/mildlyinteresting
He’s awesome! I follow him on TikTok
whyd they crop out the tiktok @ lol
Cool but not aww material... mostly because fondant is disgusting.
Man, I love me some stolen uncredited content. 
Fuck you for posting it
Credit the OP?
I mean....it's a dude making a cake. Weird that this is in r/aww...
Why aww
This is a cool video but why is it on this subreddit? What am I missing here
Thank ypu so much for cropping their name out so we cant go to them for more content....
where is the aww
How is this aww... I dont get it
NO FONDANT ALLOWED FUCK FONDANT
Honey this is nor what I meant when i asked you to bake a strawberriy cake.
The ultimate butt plug
Why tf is this on r/aww
I get how this is talented, but how is it cute??
Strabby?
How is this cute? its a guy making a strawberry.
Why is this on r/aww didn’t get it
Why is this on here? 😐
How is this a aww tho??
I don't understand why this is in r/aww
Why is this on r\aww...
https://vm.tiktok.com/ZMeNQJ2JP/ Seeing as his information was cut off here’s credit for the OP.
r/ShitLibSafari
r/shitlibsafari
damn show me what else you can do with those hands
His TikTok is thesweetimpact. Somebody cropped it out
OK well now I feel inadequate.

(also I am so glad he included that stretch and move...that's real)
He's absolutely giddy at the end and I love that for him.
Wrong sub?
The strawberry was almost as adorable as his smile at the end.
How is this "aww"-worthy? It's a grown man making a strawberry out of cake with zero commentary...
who gives a shit?
How is this cute?
I was 100% with this until the fondant... I hate fondant.
Until he covered it with PlayDoh. :-/
Was on board until the fondant part...
r/fondanthate. Fun to watch though!
r/fondanthate
TIL about fondant. I always wondered how bakers made cakes so seamlessly smooth.
cried when he put fondant on it
More like r/foodporn , OP is a lost Redditor
r/FondantHate
Love it...but r/fondanthate would like a word
How this is just a guy making cake he is not cute
Tf? Y is this r/aww
/r/fondanthate
r/fondanthate
I started screaming when he put on the Fondant.

r/FondantHate
Why is this on here? Doesn't really fit the sub...
I love how excited and proud he is about the chocolate at the end. Wholesome af.
These people disgust me. How dare they be good at something while I can’t even flip a pancake. 9/10 would eat the whole thing
iiiisssssss this a weird double standard of racism?
That's completely next level, this guy has to be a pro
That's too pretty to eat!
Fondant is gross, you'll never change my mind
Gross, just use a red icing instead of fondant
r/fondanthate
Damn, the second I saw fondant I got turned off :(
I love the way he is so proud of his work...and justifiably so!!
Nice work!!!
Fantastic!
Talent!!
It’s beautiful!!!
Great job! Really beautiful...you are beautiful too!
YAS
Boss level skills
I want to be that cake
It looks magnificent.
Getting the fondant on just right is a pain. Major props for that right there.
Smoooooth
When he sighed... I felt that.
He’s so proud!
I loved this. His enthusiasm is everything.
Very talented. Loved it.
He definitely looks like a professional. That is really hard to do and his cake is perfect. He’s probably a chef
My favorite part was his adorable smile at the end. 🥰
The sheer amount of time and effort put into that is crazy.
Afuckingmazing
Great job 👏
Strawberry looks awesome.

That guy though, what an awesome smile.  Some people just light it up.
Oh wow, great job!!
Oh wow... such a gorgeous... cake
Bruh! Like, BRUH!
Omg what a cute cake!
Yeah, that’s the right face to make when dealing with fondant.
Amazing!
That smile!
I don't know how to bake but my wife does. That is her face every time she has had to use fondant.
That smile at the end.
He’s so happy. I’m so happy for him.
that is so awesome
A little aww, a lot of mmmm!
Fantastic job...but strawberry seeds are black.
Damn my back hurts just watching. Good for you, it looks awesome!
I spent most of this video wondering when Dwight Howard became an amazing pastry chef...
Man I wanna try that! I'mma freaking do that!
Wow
I'll take the cutoffs please, thanks
This looks like painstaking work!!
I want that to my gf
Outstanding job. Curious though, did you have to lift and reposition your fondant? You looked frustrated for a minute, then the video cut over to you looking happy and your fondant completely overlapping the cake. Would have liked to see how you repositioned with tearing.
Strawberries are my favorite fruit. Hands. Down. He’s the perfect man and I’d marry him if he proposed to me with that cake, no ring required.
His face when he was working the fondant.
He's so happy. I love this.
Why it looks like a butt plug to me ?
Looks amazing but fondant is gross.
I wanna be his friend
Hire that dude!
He is about the cutest thing ever!  That smile the whole time he is making it.  Lord how adorable!!
Love it.. someone doing what they love to do! Great job 👏
Awesome skills

Also, dude straight up looks like he could stunt double for The Falcon. So in my mind I heard " and now, it's the Superhero Baking Hour!" 

Someone make it happen
He looks so happy I love it
He looks so happy I love it
Falcon makes a pie.
I love watching people being genuinely happy.
fuckin legend
I would like to see it being eaten
Anyone go 'uuuurgh' when the chocolate suace did its thing?
Makes me miss nailed it
I really wanted to hear his laughter instead of that bubbly moosak.
Why is it in reddit ,, aw "?
Like good looking cake, but it's nothing special.
Better will be in r/BeAmezed .
Badass
Beautifully done.
[deleted]
r/toptalent
Somebody call the great British baking show
Mmm... And strawberry cake is my FAVORITE! I love seeing these crazy cakes that I'd never have the patience or coordination to make.
Damn that dude aced it. That looks really nice
This has more Y pixels than a space elevator
Who has a cake gun at home?
I think I would get along with this fella just fine.
Not a "aww" but still looks good
u/savevideo
Wow 😯
I don’t know which I’d like to eat first, the man or the cake
Beautiful! I must admit I hate fondant though. Why not just dye the icing red?
The smile when he’s done is the icing on the cake!
Wow 😀
Looks great tastes like shit
Woooow amazing love it!!!
Why even put the chocolate on? Nobody gonna eat it with that fondant
This guy is amazing
I need this guy in my life!!!
He da real Daryl Strawberry 🍓
This is really impressive.
Oh cmon, why don't I get to see some unsuspecting masticator taking a nice big bite?
Wow 😯
That sigh was every feeling about fondant in one, painful sigh.
Paul Hollywood would be so hard.
Fondant? In my house? Fuck nah
Wouldn’t white seeds mean the strawberry isn’t ripe? I guess that’s how strawberries are depicted in cartoons, though. Strong work, cakeman.
The end result put a smile on my face too 😊
what is the center made of?
This is fabulous!
Awesome job
That's some impressive talent right there.
The best part is seeing his smile at the end
Looked like a big ass bigmac at the beginning...I must be hungry.
Time to play Celeste again
Ok
Thought the pink layer was bologna for a minute.
I love his energy the whole time. That big smile at the end too him knowing his hard work paid off and the cake looks incredible.
This dude looks so similar to Anthony Mackie I now want Falcon, in full costume, doing this
I would like to see how he makes a cup of green tea with a leaf in it, but it's actually a cake!
On your left
I can relate to the exhausted sigh after he put the red fondant on. Getting it on perfectly with so its smooth is no easy task
u/savevideo
Hello, arms.
[deleted]
Pretty cake and pretty dude. I’m in
u/savevideo
More cooking / baking videos need to show the person just getting tired mid way. That moment of 'phew and I got a way to go'.
What strawberry?  Sorry I was distracted.
I love watching people's expressions of sheer joy!
i like the part where he made the strawberry
Haters will say it’s not real strawberry 🤤👌
this amazing
Nice butt plug cake
Art!

And I'm in the middle of a fast.  Thanks a lot!
I love everything about this! I wish this gentleman nothing but success.
Outstanding!
u/savevideo
Mans cut that cake like fresh shawarna.
Awesome job!!🍓🍰
Even if its fondant, he did a really good job
Blursed beauty blender before he puts the seeds on
That really does look amazing.
What a cute smile.
My ovaries just squealed. And my tummy growled.
I
Geoffrey Kondogbia
As another human being who's height is greater than that of most counters and has to lean....I feel the back pain buddy.
I love how big his smile is when he finishes. So proud 😂
And as you bite into it you slowly realize that it's actually a lemon and pomegranate cake with toffee
This Ariana grande song (34+35) makes me think of the Nintendo Wii menu music
My dumbass at the beginning was like “damn, that’s a big strawberry”.
Such sweet dedication.
whats his @
 That was amazing 🥰
god my man is having such a good time, i love seeing people doing what they love
That satisfied smile is cute.
This was so satisfying to watch. He did such a great job
This dude got tons of ass with this effort on Valentines Day
That's a long ass phone.
That dude has a movie star smile
Beautiful!!
I'm so confused. Why is this r/aww? (I'm watching with out volume so that's probably why lol)
I didn't realize Anthony Mackie could make cakes as well as act!
Dude I felt that sigh in my soul when he was working with the fondant
I feel like an idiot cause I thought he was making a sandwich until he added the icing
Judges, today I have a prepared a bologna cake disguised as a chocolate covered strawberry.
I'm glad I watched til the end for that beautiful smile! Pure joy, i love it
u/savevideo
looked like a beauty blender before the seeds
Instead of all these cooking competition shows, can we just have a channel where people get excited and happy testing their cooking and baking abilities?
One helluva lot of work but, man, what a fantastic finish!  My glucose level went up about 20 points just watching this. 😜
Missed opportunity to do watermellin bruh.
What’s my mans name?
I saw this one on TikTok, so cool :)
He did an awesome job!!!! Now I’m hungry 😋
What was the red sheet?
There's some goals right there
Reminds me of that strawberry shortcake team umizoomi made for Gordon Ramsay.
That fondant got my man workin’!
Nice
Man has the world’s brightest smile.
That moment of exhaustion halfway through was great to see. It was hard work and it paid off!
My man looks like the Falcon dude from the Marvel movies. 🥰
The amount of work. Wow. Could he or this cake be any cuter? Nah.
Wait its all cake?
Does he have a YouTube channel? I'd binge watch the hell out of those videos. Watching baking/cake decorating videos is so cathartic to me.
Amazing
This is amazing! My favorite part was how proud he was of a job well done at the end. 💚
2 please
The way he placed the “seeds” going up? Genius. Never thought of drawing or placing them like that.
Thanks, I love cakes
That man is getting laid.
I let out an audible groan when he broke out the fondant.
See!! Making cake look like other sweet food is cool!

Making it look like furniture or actually nice food i.e. savoury food, that's not cool.
It’s bologna!
Is it just me or does this dude look like Falcon from the MCU? Got the muscle tone too
who is he?
Now add a little strawberry on top.
Really beautiful, nice job
WOW!
It’s my birthday in a few weeks, I would so love to get a cake like that!!
Amazing
Was good until he put a sheet of plastic on instead of icing
Geezers going on the next series of Great British Bake Off.
And now both the baker and the strawberry are chocolate covered
Wonderful talent!
for some reason putting the end at the beginning has me furious
As pretty as it is, I feel like someone needs to smash this into their face to complete the cycle...
Thats so cool
I want to eat it
I like this a lot better then the finished cakes followed by a chop to show you it's a cake.
Hell yea
The smiles at the end man. Like damn. Makes me want to try to make harder things. Maybe when the kids aren’t wild. Stay up man.
Is it just me who thinks he looks like anthony mackie?
Not gonna lie that look of happiness is on point
I’m hungry
that reaction after having to work w fondant😂
How can you not eat all the extras
Amazing!
Captured the process of putting down fondant perfectly with that eye roll
Omg having decorated cakes, I really felt that mislayed fondant moment!
Oh reddit and your cakes again.
Just one question is it edible or not
I can relate to the fondant despair and the general emotional rollercoaster
Is that blueberry faygo lmao
FONDANT
The way he put the chocolate on is brilliant
Fucking awesome. He needs a higher table so his back doesn't get sore bending over.
It must of been a pain in the butt to add all of those seeds. That would drive me mad.
Am I the only one who has v.reddit clips play a snippet of the end of the video at the start of the video? My video begins with him releasing the melted chocolate over the finished cake. This happens with every v.reddit clip viewed in my Reddit Is Fun app.
[removed]
I love how amused he looks with the whole thing at the end
That’s so good 😊
Won't lie, this looks wildly enjoyable to do.
Too bad you can't eat it.
Amazing!! Great British Baking Show material
This looks so good
It looks incredible, but fuck putting those seeds on one at a time!
Dope strawberry
Beauty!
Gorgeous!!
I’m not even a fan of strawberry’s but that would get demolished with some ice cream for sure
34+35 by Ariana Grande
Strawberry chocolate cake?
I absolutely love that he left in that brief frustration break.
I know what I’d like to do with the rest of that chocolate sauce/genache...
Berry impressive.
He powers through after taking a break at around :28 in!
My dumb self thought it was ham when I saw this on Tumblr... I've become too desensitized to weird content
Strawberry masterpiece!
OMG the effort
Yay!! Looks amazing! 🍓
Don’t let r/fondanthate see this! It really is cool, though!
Can tell that took one hell of a lot of effort
He’s a fukin wizard
Lovely 😍
That face when working with fondant. Yep, it's a pain in the ass.
I hope he shoved those scraps in his mouth off camera, that's what i would do.
That dipped chocolate effect is genius
Man, these cakes are impressive. Too bad I hate fondant so I'm always bummed when I see a super nice cake like this get served
That looks awesome
Must have taken so much patience to put all the fondant seeds in! Looks amazing though, I thought I was on r/baking though.....
That’s awesome! Great job by this guy!!!
you forgot to hide the @ symbol just to let you know
I'd be super happy too haha.
First 15 sec into the video....butt plug?

Omg I have a dirty mind, it's a strawberry.
Reminds me of the strawberry I had last night.
Why did this video start at the end?
I’d blow my entire life savings so I could eat that
Unreal 😍
He makes it look so easy. I’m over here watching this thinking I could easily nail now
Made my whole day!
Skills to pay the bills.
his happiness at the end is mega joy.
You are a star 🌟
This. This is beautiful.
Anything’s a buttplug if you’re brave enough
That’s amazing!
Yasssss! Such a cute cake! Great job indeed. The best part is that huge smile! Well done :)
is this the instrumental from 34+35?? I kept expecting “you might think I’m craazy”
The think i don’t like about this type of video, is that they make it so easy. I could try to reproduce this a thousand time and never get this close to that result. Having said that. Nice job!
That dude is talented as hell.
Inb4 /strawwberry

Inb5 /r/ihatefoudant or whatever it's called.
He looks like little foots from Don’t Be A Mennace To South Central
Sure, it looks awesome.  But how does it taste?
He looks so happy!
Finally some good fucking food
Awesome job
Dude... kinda cool 🤘
Good-lookin brotha is probably getting laid tonight with his baking skills. My man!
That looks amazing but what is that viewing ratio?
I love how you can tell how hard he’s concentrating on getting it right!! <3 

Was a little disappointed it’s fondant though. I’m now inspired to try this with buttercream frosting or something....
/r/oddlysatisfying
Aspect ratio wacky
YESSSSS omg this is perfect!!
How cute is that cake
very noice juicy strawberry i want a bite 😌💅✨
is the pink layer spam?????
my dumbass at the beginning thought it was just a really big strawberry
u/savevideo
TALENT!!!
u/savevideo
When he takes a deep breath. I thought i was the only one who did that half way through baking.
I feel like I'm watching a Blender tutorial
The seeds must have been so tedious but what a beautiful job he did!
Just one question.... What is up with that aspect ratio?? 

Also damn the strawberry looks fineeeee
r/fondanthate
Feel the power of airbrush shading
That looks great and all... but fondant tastes like shit.
Why is there so much overbearing and out-of-key bass tones in music lately?
When I see stuff like this I just see wasted cake. Like put all that back you just cut off! I'll take the boring ass regular cake, that has more cake.
Rip that fondant off pyramid-head style and count me in
as soon as he put the fondant on I clicked off.
r/fondanthate
I hate fondant.
so many people hate fondant (hence r/fondanthate) but my goddd i would love to eat all that excess fondant! oopsie!
Yo wtf was this filmed on?
It s impossible not to smile when you see someone that proud
Those waves are on point!
Good job!!!🤗
Damn that’s a lot of work.
He us gappy as fuck.good for him
Why is the video so damn skinny?
Art baby
You just stole someone's YT video and didn't even give him credit? Y'all his channel's name is 'Sweet Impact' This sub has become crap
Fondant makes the cake look cool but I’ll take frosting or cream cheese any day
That stressed sigh in the middle of the video was the most relatable thing ever! Great smile and excitement at the end.
Real skill be like:
And he fine too
Cute aww < Disappointed aww
Look at that smile. So sweet. And the cake looks fabulous
he did not have to go this hard, DAMN.
Sweet!
It’s pretty rude you cut off his @ water mark (which you can see in this video) BUT not even to credit him? Yeah that sucks. @thesweetimpact
Star Baker for the week, that’s for sure.
I usually HATE fondant with a passion. But that smile at the end made it impossible to hate this.
Great job and this is pure talent, but honestly FUCK fondant. That shit is so gross.
Am I looking at a $300 birthday cake?
Lost me at fondant.
That cake is adorable but his smile at the end even more so!
r/FondantHate
u/savevideo
r/fondanthate
His reaction was so cute it made me feel like a proud mom.
Damn, he smiles so much I had to watch it twice just to see the cake.
