That cat loves her

Edit: wow, I was shocked to wake up and see all these upvotes!
I know the feeling. It's 7:02am and I just woke up and I'm reading reddit on my phone. And I'm stuck between 2 cats. It's the best.
This looks like the best day ever.
Family pack of Kit Kats, color-changing LED lamp, Switch, frequent naps, and kitty. Woman has checked all the important boxes.
I wish I could be that simply comfortable in bed. Instead, I flop around so much that my side of the bed needs 4 elastic straps to hold the fitted sheet from coming off every night.
Dang. They're both very still sleepers. Is that the term? Still sleepers? Don't move a lot sleepers? Idk. 

Cute.
[removed]
Cats are the literal best if you have depression. Anytime I can’t find the will to get out of bed both my boys come and spend as much time as it takes to get me feeling better. One between my legs and the other under my arm.
This makes me want to know how many different sleeping positions a cat goes through per "night."
Here my final offer: take my 3 kids, I’ll take your cat.
Not pictured: all the cat zoomies after building up energy all day
I actually just found that this was already submitted to r/aww a few months ago - [here is the original](https://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/k2pxza/timelapse_of_a_lady_and_her_cat)

Mods feel free to remove this but it seems to be getting traction
This made me miss my cat :( they make the best lazy day buddies ever
She has amazing will power. I would’ve eaten all those KitKats in like 2 minutes.
I feel like this is just a couple hours around dusk.  Kitty cuddles are still cute though.
Me showing this to my cat: this could be us but you wildin
No one:

Cat: *vibrates*
If my landlord would let me have a frigging cat this would be my day everyday. Goddamn i want a cat.
“But you can’t sit in front of your computer all day!!”

-society
Did she go pee ever?
Fake!! She didn’t even eat 1 Kit Kat
Haha, that's how the perfect lazy day looks like
The cat not once put its butthole in your face. Makes me think this video is edited.
My cat climbs all over me in bed until I pet her to sleep. Usually at around 2am, when I'm up for work at 5.30.
[deleted]
Sort by controversial for the thirstiest of comments
Lazy day? This looks like everyday in a pandemic.
Holy crap, I was shook for a second because with my glasses off that looked like [me and my cat ](https://imgur.com/a/fhvyvZC) . If my hair were a bit longer and she wore glasses, we could be sisters
Why does she keep a camera mounted above the bed
Idk why but this made me happy :)
I miss my little scruffy.

She was a pain in the arse but she knew the best way to deal with a hangover was to come and cuddle into my neck and get loves.
My cat would have slapped me and then put her butthole on my face like a hundred times.
Put a grainy black and white filter on this with some static and some rumbling noise in the background, and you've got some Paranormal Cativity.
They look so happy together!
I want to go to there.
I have 2 cats and neither of them are like this. ALL I WANT IS FOR A CAT TO BE AS OBSESSED WITH ME AS I AM IT!
Oh god I miss my tabby boy. He was just like this and passed away from cancer.
The best advice I can give you is if your depressed or lonely get a cat you will not regret it
The cat knew it was being filmed. That is why it didn't smother her with a pillow while she slept. Fighting its cat instinct.
I can't do this, I get insane headaches if I stay in bed and doze.
Normalise spending days like this once in a while
This is so awesome
I thought this was Alannah Pearce for a sec
Looks so comfy, I want cat and bed day for me
So Ciri got a cat?
cats are adorable
The darling. I used to have a cat like that, we had such a bond it was incredible. I miss you Fluff!!
I don't know how she sleeps with so many pillows!
The last frame when the cat is suddenly sprawled out makes me laugh
Effing goals
Quality time right there
Man I wish I had someone to do nothing with
I can’t remember the last time I didn’t have responsibilities for more than 2 hours
u/savevideo
Looks like a hangover to me
These are 2 cool cats.
I want a day just like this!!
This is actually depressing
Break me off a piece of that fancy feast.
i strive for this life
And people say cats aren’t loving animals 🥺
When I first saw this video, I was already thinking of getting a cat. a few months later? yeah her name is luna
We just gonna brush over OP’s username?
Depression at its finest
If I remember correctly, the OP of this time lapse had covid. This was a day of recovery.
every frame of this gives me a new asthma attack
Fuck me, I thought spending all day in bed was just a figure of speech.. I didn't know people literally layed in bed all day
Why does she keep a camera above her bed?
Why do you have a camera above your bedroom??
Thank you for posting this wholesome video u/turdsfornipples
True Love <3
This was me and my dog for the four days that we didn't have power this week.
That is absolutely all I want right now
This is all I have ever wanted.
I haven’t had a “lazy” day in as long as I can remember. That looks so nice.
Nothing wrong with a kitty kat break!
Had my Covid vax yesterday and have been out for the count all day. My new adoptee kitten spent most of the morning curled up with me in bed.
there's a word for this in Spanish for this type of cute . Webona
I miss my cat so much
...this needs the King of the Hill theme added in...
This is everything I want
Am I jealous? yes, I want to be in her position with a feline friend while relaxing in bed for a day, the kitkats just top it off. Damn this lockdown has made me miss moments like this with my other half (shes not a cat, though she would like to be one).
how did she found the perfect pillow position
Time lapse of a lady and her Kats*
Wishing So Badly I had this cat rn  

# 😔 🖐
If her name isn’t Kit I’m going to be disappointed
Get ur cat for ur lazy day off, and get ur dog for workout day
she really loves her. 

my cat wandering around the house all day. 4-5 times a day he is checking me and cuddle 4-5 minutes with me and then he is gone again :-)
Lucky that your cat is so calm and relaxed! My cat would kick me and try to run away 😆
My biggest surprise is the kit-Katz surviving that long.  I’m the type that can’t buy snacks/groceries more than a day out because I’ll eat it all in the first few hours of bringing them home!
ive not been able to get a cat to chill with me for more than 2 mins without constant petting attention. i think she slept with me once for warmth or thought i was dying or something but its because my dad had the door shut and she couldnt go there.
this is wholesome
Goals.
Sometimes you just need a day you know A day to slow down, to rest from the heaviness of life
To be able to lay in bed all day and not constantly call yourself a piece of shit over and over again in your head is something that must be so profound. I’m jealous
I wish my cat would be like that
Damn, my cat makes a wide arc around the living room just to make sure she's never within arm's reach of me.
That is the sweetest thing ever!!!!!!!  So peaceful 😀🥰🤗😀🥰🤗
Oh god I wish I had a cat...
I wish my cat wanted to spend so much time with me.
Anyone manage to check what game she playing? Looks like botw, the again everything looks like botw to me cause I love that damn game
too cute, gimme a break
I was trying to remember what life was like before having my son. This is it.
This made me feel ok for wanting to be lazy! ... I don't know if that's good or bad lol.
This lady is living my dream. I feel an immediate kinship with her, apart from the fact that when I am lazing around with kitkats on my bed, they are just wrappers, and I look gross.
I totally feel this
Ah, snacks, blanket, fur baby, nintendo switch, no job to do...best day ever
That looks like a day with depression. Always helps to have a cat nearby to help tho
KIT.........K(C)AT
"I have taught the hooman very well." - cutie pie kitty
My cats are like this. I work from home so I go from sleeping in bed with one cat on top of my hip/back (side/stomach sleeper) and one jammed up beside me and when I wake up I go to my desk and as soon as I sit down there's a cat in my lap and one on the cat bed on my desk.
i would not be that comfortable laying in bed in jeans
Is this what true love looks like :)
Thank God for animals during this time. What would we do without them? Whenever I start getting really nervous about Covid and environment and the economy I look at my dogs and they’re just laying there on their back‘s, feet in the air, and tongues hanging out the side of their mouth. It makes me feel like things can’t be that bad. Like everything is going to be OK.
PurrrrRrrrr....
I feel jealous
Maybe I'm just a messy eater, but the thought of eating in bed gives me anxiety.
We’re not gonna talk about the camera over the bed?
Love how people in the comments are like “why does she have a camera above her bed?!?! attention whore” or “enabling depression by normalising being lazy in bed”
Meanwhile, after five minutes of snuggling, my cat decides its time to attack me
 Wish I had a cat to do this with :<
A Kit-Kat and kitty calm canoodling catnap.
Heh that's me and my cat almost every weekend except him constantly shoving his ass in my face.
I think I need a cat
How did this cat not go check their food bowl every couple hours like mine does? Like it was somehow replenished by some phantom.
Why would you record yourself like that though?
Holy crap that's a lazy day? I couldn't imagine never getting out of bed. I'd be so uncomfortable.
this cat is too lazy for an animal
I’ve had mornings and evenings like this with my kitty. So relaxing until he decides he wants fed.
I haven’t even watched it yet but I love it
cuddly cat <3
This gets 100k upvotes every few weeks
Doesn’t the cat need to poop ?
I have a genetic condition that has me spending a good amount of time in bed. I have two cats and absolutely love when they don't mind one bit delay in bed with me. Can't imagine it any other way.
Cuddling is the best. We should normalize platonic cuddling.
It’s like fast-forwarding while playing The Sims
What was this camera originally set up for? 🤔
Why is there a camera in her ceiling?
wish my cat does my cat is too hyper
Wait this is a lazy day? I’ve been doing it wrong this entire time.
This makes me miss my cat Noel :,(. The only cat I ever owned that wanted to snuggle in like this.
How was this video taken
I am just amazed that she didn’t look at her phone once.
And not one look at her phone? Talk about a cleansing.
This just reminded me what it was like not to have children lol. Take it from me, after children there are no lazy days. It’s cool though, my kiddos are pretty awesome.
Good lord that's some narcissism
Depression in a gif
[removed]
I'm so jealous right now...
What is this exactly? Why did she film herself laying in bed all day for?  I can barely look at a camera for two minutes before I start getting anxiety, and yet she had one trained on her for a majority of the day. Was this is just for the adorable cat cuddles? It's hard to believe someone would set all of this up for one lazy day of cat cuddles.. is that day still lazy then? Am confuse, can someone help me do a big wrinkly understand pls.

Cat is cute though my Tiny does this too and I love it!

Edit: I am actually just curious, no need to downvote me. Unless it makes you feel better. If that is the case though then go for it! Till your heart's content.
WHY DID SHE NOT EAT ONE SINGLE KIT KAT?
God I need a lazy day like that, no worries just me, my cat and snacks by the bed and videogames all day :(
My cat would never. A lazy day with our cats would include:

- 8 am screaming outside door for stinky can meat 
- loudly eating stinky can meat while fighting over which bowl they want
- loud gross self cleaning noises for 20 minutes 
- repeat
I’m adopting a calico today and will be doing this all weekend. I hope it’s half as amazing as that.
Does not have kids. Definitely does NOT have kids
this is almost exactly what quarantining with my cat looked like. I miss her 😭
I've seen this many times and it brings a smile to my face each and every time without fail!
this is really cute, I was happy to see
Life goals
Interesting user name
man I wish I had a day off with my switch  


I've had botw for three years now
Dang cats are restless sleepers.
So sweet! That cat loves her
Reminds me of my chihuahua
That’s the life
Bet she was playing Stardew Valley
I do this but without the cat.
They both look so comfy together
God that looks like heaven.
That's the dream right there
aww my cat and I used to hang out like that. RIP old boy...
When I was pregnant, I was bedridden with HG. We had a cat that stayed by my side like this for months. Miss that little lady.
I don't want to be allergic anymore
Best lazy day ever
this is pretty cute but my question is, who films themselves lazing in bed all day?
I wish my cat was that affectionate and underneath me.
This would never happen with my cat, she would walk all over me, attack my feet and jump on my head..
My back hurts just watching this
Now see, my cat would have been in my face meowing loudly. Or she would have started chewing on fingers out of boredom.
Oh My God I Need A Cat!!!!
Do you have to adopt a kitten for it to be grow to become this fondly ?
Awwww
Cat lady l Instagram star
Cats are so nice to be lazy with. 😊
I need this day to be today but unfortunately I don't have time!
Lazy kitkat lady cat
I wish our cat would cuddle like that.
Every time I fall asleep with a pet, I’m hoping I’ll wake with them still nearby.
Almost never are.

It’s the same with people...
That cat loves its human. And vise versa lol
Me and my kitty need to talk after watching this!
>a lady and her cat

Is OP a stalker? /s
i need this, i want to be a cat and just be lazy all day
I literally need to do this once a month
I like how you can see the cat purring
I'm pretty sure this vid is more like an hour or two
What a wonderful day.
Man, I wish my cat would snuggle up with me like that. She usually just bonks my face until I get up and give her biscuits :(
Is she wearing.....Jeans?!
So no toilet breaks?
I wish I could sleep like them
For some reason, I read it as single lady
Y tf do I have years in my eyes?
Game of tones
Must have been a hell of a hangover.
C a t
I wished I had a cat that was as cuddly as this one.
We lost our kitty last November and dammit this made me bawl like a child. I miss kitty time.
This makes me want a cat.
Goals
That looks so nice, but I can't help but be weirded out by the fact that I practically just watched someone in their sleep...
Thats me
My cat sleeps with me, but only at arm's length.  No torso or head contact allowed.
Ugh I'm hungover and this seems horrible cause I'm doing the same thing but with spicy violent puke waiting to come upm
I wish I could have a lazy day like that.
I'm going to need approx. 1500 more hours of this.
That warmed my cold, dead heart
How on Earth she sleeps after laying in bed all day I’ll never know but will always be jealous of
Real life Chilled Cow?
So this is what introverts do alone
I watched this clip a few times on Reddit. But no matter how many times I watch it, it never gets old. The kitty is such a sweetie. C':
Most accurate pet of this is the amount of excess room on the bed that the cat is blocking.
Me depressed sleeping the day away
awww this made me smile. Much like me and my dog but he’s really big so he’s a good cuddler until he horse kicks during a dream lol
My goal for the future
This looks better than any day I've ever had
I need a cat like that
I just want to say, girl, your eyebrows are STUNNING!
How do u get ur cat to stay comfy like that all day..
I try to feed mine well and more playtime. New toys. But theyre so flinchy. Its like rare they will cuddle
That username tho
I can’t remember having a day like this for so long.
I will offer you 4 turds for 3 nipples. Not one turd more. Accept?
She looks like billiards eyelashes
Now if her name was Kitty or Catherine, then it could be Kitty Cat with a KitKat.
Looks awesome. Most of the time I have no clue where my cats even are.
believe that cap
i've seen this here before hhhh
Billie??
If u love kit kats, throw them in the freezer, straight addiction material
The CBD life
Lady Awwa...
How tf do people sleep so much.
That looks like my cat charlie. Maybe its the breed cause he was the most affectionate cat ever.
KitKats and animal crossing... Would be the best day ever for me if I hadn't already got burnout from that game...
I wish I could find a creature that would care to hang with me like this..
All days are lazy days for cats
My god...this kind of cats exist? I'm honestly jealous of her lol. Most cats I met are jerks and don't allow you to pet or even stay close to them
I WISH I could sleep as still and soundly as the lady in this video!
EEEEE (っ´▽｀)っ
How do I sign up for this day of gaming and sleeping with my cat?
Is her hair silver?
Is that Alanah Pearce?
Kitty even has a heart name tag! Perrfect!
I had a kitty who'd cuddle w me all day like this. He's been lost now for a few months. I miss him all the time
The perfect day
Such a perfect day.
“Ahhh... i wish i have a cat”

Me probably
How do you get a cat that will just chill with you like that?
When she pulled the tablet out, the kitty seemed so invested in what was going on LOL
Her Apple Watch is screaming obscenities all day
That looks and act just like my cat!!
I miss my cat
why didn't she ever eat one of those kit kats :(
my migraine routine too

its been the worst since friday :/
Aww he’s like a baby
An ideal day!
It bothers me that she ate Kit Kat’s and didn’t brush teeth before going to bed
Cat girl with cat eating kit kats
Kit Cat
I never realized how much a cat could love until I got mine!! Sure I’ve met friendly cats but mine is just like this one. She follows me sometimes like she’s my shadow lol
Very frustrated she didn’t eat the kitkats .
That's some wholesome shit
Love to join, seems like a great way to spend the day!
LOLOL!I love it !
this is roughly as productive as my average day haha
"Have you eaten today babe?"  
  
"Uuuh, yeah!!!" (slowly hiding the entire pack of kitkats eaten)
I don’t think I’ve ever done that in my life.
So unrealistic... the Kit Kat’s barely get touched!
I have a couple days a month like this just replace the cat with a 70 pound pitbull and the kitkats with cheezits😂💕
nice to see lindsey lohan has finally found love
Looks enjoyable
Doesn't get any better than this.  Lucky kitty.
You can say girl
This is also me and my Australian Shepherd no matter if it’s a lazy day or not, he’s always cuddling with me 😂
I wish my cat was that loving lol.  Mine are that loving but they wouldn't sleep next to me like that.  They do occasionally sit and sleep on me to be fair though.
aren't people with cats ever bothered that they have to live with that piss smell.
My cat doesnt snuggle like this, all he wants to do is be the little spoon and get his tummy rubbed
Meow?
BEST FRIENDS❤️
Billie Eilish?
I hope the cats name it kit.
Creatively reworded "A timelapse of a lady and her quarantining together"
I want this so bad
Suddenly I want a cat.
Why can’t all cats be this loving and selfless?
I need this kind of cat love in my life.
This is just a KitKat commercial, isn't it?  Why else would someone record themselves in bed with their cat all day?
/u/savevideo
That’s cute af
#DONT FORGET TO BUY KIT KAT BAR FELLOW HUMANS
Huh, a cuddly cat surely is great, mine doesn't like being around people and hides whenever she has her chance.. I love her tho, maybe time will make her used to others being around :)
What a life👍
This is my girlfriends dream
My cat sits like that...for about 5 mins then she gets annoyed and moves away.
I'm just curious what game she's playing
you guys are made for each other.
I wish my cats were anywhere near that cuddly
That woman has a bladder of steel holy fuck
I read this as ‘last day’ and got sad for them
That cat needs to chill the duck out
I have a cat that's thrilled to cuddle me like that all day...but my wife and I figured out all the cats we've had in 26 years of marriage always having at least 3, and it's 12, and my cuddler Barbara is the only one like that. This is a rare kind of cat!!
I like to think this isn't a time lapse and they're just really fast
Which one is the cat?
Im so upset that my cat dosent lay with me like this 😩
Candy25555
Super cute but who puts a time lapse camera on the ceiling?
So cute ♥️
Nobody asking about the really weird setup for the camera.
That cat is pumped
I love [the check](https://i.imgur.com/KmLLgjp.jpg) to see if the GoPro is still doing the time lapse.
Wouldn't mind snuggling with either tbf
Cute!
I wish my cats did this ☹️
So sweet 🥰
That cat has a PhD in snuggling.
"GET OUT OF BED AND DO SOMETHING WITH YOUR LIFE, YOU ABSOLUTE WASTE OF SPACE" -My mother when i lived at home
I wish I were the lady... or the cat
The cat was an absolute rock.
Awww both are super cute.
Kits Kats and kitty cat!
A whole packet of kit kats, yes please
I haven't been able to spend a day in bed in over a decade.
Caterday
It's mandatory I spend at least one day a week like this with my cat. I'm glad I'm not the only one! 

My cat is a snuggler like that too. The paw over the chest is my ultimate favorite!
❤️
How can she be so close to that large pack of kit kats without gorging on them all at once?
Yoooooo them kit-kats
how did you get the footage
naww, that actually looks like my cat

hed never let anyone be that close for that long tho
Uhhhh so is she ever gonna pee or....?
 Kinda reminds me of Alanah Pearce lol.
This is how my dog snuggles me.
Why has she a camera on her ceiling looking directly down?
Kit kats, sleeping, and a cute cat? I'm in
A whole pack of kit kats too. She was set for the whole day.
Love username btw u/TurdsForNipples lmao
Glad I’m not the only one who does this with their cat!
What’s with the camera over her bed?
That cat is going to get pissed when he has a boyfriend
Oh my heart!
The entire day? Sick? Depressed?
Makes me miss having a cat :(
How is one able to nap all day
I do this all the time with my dog Hugo lol he’s such a cat
Ok, but why was there a camera hanging above her bed?
Oh how I want to be that cat.
Is that Alanah Pearce?
My dog would have definitely gotten into the Kit Kat’s
Be careful she is a chosen one.
u/savevideo
I just put my cat in my hoodie and she accepts this is her life now.
Break me off a piece of that Kit Cat
This is what depression looks like...
This could be us but you keep pouncing on my head
I love the idea. But god I would have the worst headache by late afternoon if I did that. It’s like my body won’t let me.
I need a day like this 😫
Something tells me I'm not ready for a girl with a bed-cam mounted to her ceiling
That's one furry lady.
Who just has that many Kit Kat’s laying next them and the willpower to not have eaten a single on. All day
Apparently I’m the only one who thinks this looks terrible.
Break me off a piece of that Fancy Feast.
This is what depression looks like
I wish my cat would snuggle with me more. Shes really affectionate, but she likes her own space.
Aww having a cat like that seems amazing. To bad whenever I get close to one my sinuses go to absolute hell and I become a former miserable shadow of my self. They're cute but Jesus Christ they're hair is kryptonite to me.
Weird question, but is there a non-porn reason to have an overhead camera on your bed?  Because I'm trying to think of why she'd have that camera and all I'm getting is porn.  It seems like a lot of effort to go to just to capture a lazy day with a cat.
It’s a bit sad to see someone spend so long in bed, but cute cat!
She out-catted the cat
Wish my cat would cuddle with me like that!
Damn that looks so cozy and relaxing
Reddit moment when stealing someone's video without crediting them
🤩😍 #breakmeoffapieceofthatkitkat
This made me happy for this woman and kitty; then extremely sad. I miss my Audrey 😿
i miss that so much. My cat never judged me for being lazy and not leaving my bed when feeling depressed. Only gave me cuddles and love
This was me and my dog. Rip Lola
My cat is very much like this and sleep is always a little less thorough because I'm always mindful of jostling her and end up smushed between her and my SO. Worth it.
I just realized that I've been doing lazy day all wrong.
Why would someone record this?
Adorable. I wish I had them both!
Mr Tibs is a substitute for the boyfriend.
Is this Alanah Pearce
One wonders why she set up the overhead camera...new subreddit?
NOCTURNAL HABITS
Billy Eyelash live cam PogU
I don't like that one frame where she looks right at the camera...
She’s literally a mother 🥰🤣🥺
This could be me and my pup but he wants to walk out every time I play my game. >:( THIS COULD BE US ZEUS
Ah depression
u/savevideo
I just love this.
u/savevideo
The username doesn’t match up with this video
u/savevideo
cats loves everyone, everyone loves cats
We can see the cat vibrate, so we know its happy.
well my cat is an asshole but I still love him. Sometimes he will sit next to me while other times he will knock over my plants.
Where’s hunter ?
That's a lot of commitment just to submit a clip to Reddit.
This is what dreams are made of.
Is the stalker spider man?
Was she playing stardew valley? It kinda looks like it.
My cat and I do this every Sunday
I sometimes worry if me being bed lazy is bad for my cat because she stays by me instead of enjoying the sun, which she loves
A lady.  fucking hell, that's a wee girl
Why do ppl have cameras pointed at their beds?
I hope her name is Kit.

Cause then it would be Kit, Kit's cat, and Kit-Kats.
Does this woman not eat?
I wanna be a cat 🐈‍⬛
I wish I wasn’t allergic to cats :/.
This makes my lonely ass wanna get a cat 😺
Did she know you’re watching?
My cat refuses to lay down near my chest. She’s only willing to stay on my legs.
"Brought to you by the homeless man living in the attic"
I’ve forgotten what it’s like to have lazy days.  This looks amazing
I would like to know what game you are playing at the start
I’ve got that same LED light set (there’s a remote on the bed)
KitKat for a Kitty Cat
I've seen this so many times and all I want is to not feel like my cat's fur is invading my throat when he gets close.
u/savevideo
Why is there a camera above the bed? Is this a part of a sleep study or planned?
Quick question. Why would someone record themselves like this?
I miss my cat so much
My idea of Heaven right there
U/SaveThisVideo
Thanks u/turdsfornipples
And this is why I love my cat!! 🥰
hi this is @bj.tiktokin on tiktok and @brookejudkins on instagram. this is a time lapse of about 45 minutes from months ago. her cat (@lilmonkeyfist on instagram) is disabled and very sweet!
My ideal day 😊
I think I have that remote. LED lights. Good times.
I wanna be her

So bad
That hair color though 😍
Any time I see these fast forward vids I always imagine the king of the hill theme playing in the background
does she start by playing a Switch?
Cats scratch around in a box full of shit and piss then walk around your house spreading germs from their feet
I love this but does thinking about doing this all day give anyone else extreme anxiety lol.
This is very cute... but I’m stuck wondering why she has a setup to record herself like this...
Why are you spying on this person and their cat?!?!  :D
We found 2, 3 week old sisters over a year ago and they are both like this. It's not just me either, my husband and my son get all of the cuddles too. They are such sweet girl
I think they are my soul mates. Lol
Snuggling in bed with a cat, playing videogames, and eating chocolate all day sounds amazing
The cat fell off his bike at the end there. :)
Can we talk about how in the end, the cat just flops! On its belly, legs spread out like a starfish. Cats are wonderful creatures...
I love this video. The cat looks just like my cat that passed a few years ago. He was such a snuggler 😍🥰😍🥰
[deleted]
The sleepy time it melts my heart
Clearly staged! Those KitKats wouldn’t have survived the day. Super cute though!
Goals. Sometimes you have to just take a day and recharge and be lazy. If you have a cat or a dog as a snuggle buddy, that's even better.
her instagram is @brookejudkins !!
That must me nice. My cat imitates the Family Circus cartoon at night. You know, the one where the dotted line marks the kid’s path through the neighborhood? Dude is all over my apartment, coming back intermittently to meow at me and get pissed when I move 2 inches or turn over. lol
My roommates cats are the typical ones where they’ll do it on their own time. If you so much as move to get comfy they sprint off the couch like you’ve seriously inconvenienced them. One will piss on your clothes that you’ve just washed unless you have them hidden in your room with the door closed, if the litter box isn’t cleaned every 6 hours she’ll just shit on the floor beside it or in the tub, the other will just attack you for no reason, look at you while it’s knocking shit off the shelf, etc. I do like cats, but I seriously fucking hate these cats. When I talk to him about disciplining them he refuses to because in his words “you can’t discipline a cat”. 

Then I go over to a friends house and this cat never leaves my side. Sometimes I’ll go over because I need the reminder of why I loved cats in the first place. Hyper friendly, actually listens, and will only come up on the couch when you’ve invited her. How’d they manage that? The occasional spray bottle and scotch tape rolled up so it’ll stick on her paws if she climbs where she shouldn’t. Easy.
i am so jealous. i am so incredibly fucking envious of her and her cat.
Damn, i miss my cat so much. :(
Pretty fortunate she just happens to have a video camera mounted to her ceiling over her bed.
Nice try Big Chocolate.
Living the dream.
White privilege ass zoomer
u/savevideo
They both pass out cold but all the kitties little sleep twitches go off in timelapse, so cute!!
This is me, but the speed is real time.
Used to have that with my dog, dont think I'll ever get marathon cuddles with an animal again 😥
Meanwhile if I stay in bed until 11am, Pluto will come in and lick my eyelids until I wake up to feed him.
Soo goood. Can anyone make out what game she's playing?
This is how I hope to spend every Sunday for my entire life 🙌
Why film this shit?! Do something productive.
What a good little buddy. So cute.
How do you get the cat to stay there that long?
A "lady?" Lol wtf
Compares that to my cat, who im fairly sure is an eldritch being comprised only of anger and cruelty.
Damn what a nice day
Did they even eat
Anyone who says cats aren’t loving and just mean has never owned a cat. Sure, there are some crazy ones, but a very large majority of the cats I have interacted with are so sweet.
i miss my cats 💞
My butt gets sore if i lay down or sit down for too long idk how they do it
Daily Life of an Introvert
Get the F out of bed!!!
That cat is so sweet and patient! My lovely little judgemental cat will lay on me but if I breathe wrong she gets offended and runs off.
Yooooo she’s sleeping with the lights on what the hell ?
I have four and they are all like that. There is something to the saying "too much of a good thing".
Pee in the bed?
I would love it if my cat would do this with me.
I mean I'll probably get downvoted to oblivion for saying this but spending an entire day in bed with your comfort food and an animal sounds a lot like someone whose suffering from depression/anxiety.
Kit-Cat
I want that cat
I recently had to put my cat to sleep. This reminds me of her so much:(
That’s a dog that looks like a cat
Who the heck is recording this. A ninja strapped to the roof?
She don’t eat, or poop?
I want this
I do the same with out a cat
Lucky cat
This would have 42 upvotes if there was a guy instead of a gal.
She ok? Who spends all day in bed?
U/savevideo
Ah depression
I absolutely love days like that
I think I would feel weird setting up a camera above my bed to record me sleeping :D
Why though ?
I know she has/had COVID but man just watching this made me relapse into depression, I hope she’s okay
In bed all day?? Wtf? Is she dope sick?
This video is completely fake there’s no way those kit Kats is would have lasted that long. Lol😋
my cat likes to bite my dog
Hi
I’m so jealous of Billie Eilish
I'm in this picture and I love it.
People sleep during lazy days? I’m way too busy watching tv
Remember if you're doing this to stay hydrated. Even if it does make you get up from time to time. Just cause you arent moving doesnt mean hydration is optional.
Spent so much time her hair turn gray
All y'all talking about how adorable this is, and I'm sitting here wondering why she has a camera mounted above her bed.
My cat doesn't like cuddling and pretends not to like me but he's never more than 7 feet from me at any given moment around the house.
How weird is having that camera there.
Sweet.
Very cute post. Thank you u/TurdsForNipples
Aww! Kitty cuddles are the best.
she doesn't use the bathroom ever?
I hope she is not depressed. Apparently I am because I do this too often.
Product placement much? Boooo!
I wish I had that Kit Kat bar.
Y'all stay in bed for entire days? That seems fantastic, no disrespect, but I don't think I've done that my entire life, unless I'm really sick or something. 

Alright, I'll be in bed until tomorrow if anyone needs me.
Feed your pets, people.
My favourite video on the internet
I/turdsfornipples comes through with the wholesome content. Just like the name.
Cat likes her and both like the (Kit) Kat
I think everybody like this 😊
Who sits in bed with a shirt on?
This could just be like 2 hours
Meanwhile my cat doesn't even cuddle for10 seconds in my bed
Why I love cats vs dogs..wake up peacefully to a friend or wake up to a loud as bark because you’re not operating on their schedule
Who has a camera set up like that? A plague needs to wipe out all devices we watch ourselves with.
Is no one going to address the, "why is there a camera mounted directly over the bed?" elephant in the room?
I don’t care what anyone says but i’d never spend my lazy day in jeans!
Can people actually spend all day in bed?
I thought that was something people just say but never really do...
Why do you have a camera above your bed ?...
Vermin
Upvote if you also paused the vid to see which game she was playing.
What was she playing on her Switch, I’m curious 👀
Bathroom? Food?
Creepy.
This has got to be the stupids fucking shit I’ve ever seen.
so the cat never pees or- ok.
Sweet little cuddly baby :-)
Love it. Though seeing KitKat in bed gives me a slight toothache
 This is the life I want
u/savevideo
Do people who do this monetize the views?
My cat Mr. Pickles loves to get under the covers and sleep in the crook of your arm. Then he rests his head on your shoulder and purrs in your ear 🥰🥰
.
That looks more like crippling depression to me.
This looks like depression to me
Thanks for sharing u/TurdsForNipples
The perfect day
My daughter does this every school day since they have been doing remote learning. Kitty is going to be angry that they are starting to to back in person.
When she gonna bust out those Kit Kat’s tho
I could swear this is my ex. She loves chocolate, pets, being lazy, and she has those same exact pillow cases. Then again it might just be universal.
I'm allergic. And I'd probably crush the cat, like an oaf.
It’s so wholesome until you realize the video was uploaded by her landlord.
This lady needs to fix her pillowcase right now.
This is a perfect day right here folks
This is very cute. 

Is it just me, or does anyone else feel really weird staying in bed all day though? Nothing wrong with relaxing all day, but for me I just can't stay in my bed after I wake up. Have to be on the couch or at my desk. Probably cause of my pc haha.
That’s a lot of kit kats
Me and my dachshund every weekend
Love it.
i would have eaten those kit kat’s in a minute, how did she have the restraint to let them be all day?!
This is nearly a year old ...
Why is there a camera on the roof?
This was brought to you by Kit Kat!
If you haven’t had a day like this please for the love of your life, do it.
