As a dad... this happens because everyone complains when the camera is pointed at them, even if it's a family dinner together.

So the cats don't complain.  So I have a ton of cat footage and a bit of the kids doing random stuff.

It's how it is.

Edit:  The only thing I would complain about is that we somehow need to look ideal for someone to take our picture because of all the media we're exposed to of people looking perfect.
Hours of cats: 15

Hours of kids: 2
Just adorable. And I love how committed your dad was. Even in ‘95 video cameras were bulky and expensive!
[removed]
This made me cry.
Very sweet! These are giving me wholesome AFV vibes
Are you Norwegian?
Sounds like your dad was prepared for the rise of the Internet.
What were their names?
Original cat videos! We did it before the internet
You are so lucky to have these. Your dad must have been such a kind person. This is just great!!
r/vintagecats ?
This is so wholesome thanks for sharing!
“Honey do you have the home video of OPs 1st birthday”
“Yes! The cats got in an epic fight that day!”
*proceeds to show 4 hour footage from the party of just the cats*
What a gift ;-; I wish I had more pictures and videos of my childhood cat who is gone now... that wasn’t even before the age of cell phones, we just genuinely didn’t think to.
That white kitten jumping onto the brown kitten mid-scratching. 😂
I like home videos filmed before the internet took off, they have a different quality to them (and I don't mean VHS)

I was watching some old videos not long ago, and someone in the video was talking before realising that the video also had sound that was being recorded too, then he says "you forget there's sound now"... at a wedding reception around 1990
My dad filmed a tortoise that lived in our backyard. It’s 45 minutes long, the turtle doesn’t move, and the camera is so shaky it gives you motion sickness. 

I like the cat movies better.
Feels.

I had a cat in 1995 too.
These are the earliest known cat videos in existence.
This is so sweet and wholesome, I love it. Also, this is random but ty for posting this because it reminded me of a VHS I loved to watch as a kid circa ‘95 that was literally just a video of kittens playing for like an hour lol I completely forgot it existed until now. And [I found it on YouTube!](https://youtu.be/IPNBLdWL6UU)
Only a minute long. I feel cheated
These cats just *feel* like ‘95 cats. I know they’re just cats but I can’t help but shake that feeling... the ‘95 feeling
This is before phone cameras. This savage is filming with something that looks and weighs more a kin to a thick phone book. Awesome
Thank you for sharing this... gave me warm memories of my own childhood with my cat
I love it when a third one swoops in and sucker punches the two who are fighting. That seems to be a favorite tactic.
Look how weird cats dressed in the 90’s
Kid: hey dad lookit! I can ride a bike. 

dad: lol cats go purrrrrr!
You say hours, but this is not even a minute! I demand proof!
And suddenly I remember the comment "oh, you're older than all the dogs"


And I realize I'm probably older than the cats too.
We just suddenly and unexpectedly lost one of our cats a few days ago. He was especially fond of me even though my wife brought him home.  I've been heart broken and I miss him so much. These little guys look so happy and care free and it makes me smile.  They really become family members.
Home cat videos are the best cat videos.
Your family was paradise for your kitties.
My dad bought a small camcorder when I was little, this was also in the 90s. Me and my brother would just film ourselves and the cat all weekend while watching cartoons. No memories though, no one knows or cares what happened to those videos.
There is something wholesome about video recordings like this, that can't be replicated on smart devices.
Vintage cat videos, internet gold.
Man real home videos are so much better then the new kind. Looks so much more real
LOL, we used to get yelled at to not film “the damn cats so much!”   😂
War never changes...
[deleted]
Thank you for this. So cute. I've had a shitty week and this was the first thing that made me smile in days.
This is amazing
God I love kittens
How old are the cats now? Is any of them still alive? I doubt it but that would be great to know one was 25.
This is the kind of cat video aesthetic I live for
sometimes I think making sure my cats are happy is about the best thing I got going in life
Its nice to see the kitties playing the day I was born(12/8/95) 😂
I wish your dad was my dad too
You said hours and gave us one minute. For shame.
That montage ends on the cutest scene, good editing work!
Nice to see him recording the important things in life.
Wow millennial cats have no idea how good it was to grow up in the 90s. Shout out to 90s cats
I know that pants unbuttoned while sitting down feeling. Nothing better at the end of a day or a meal
So, I'm convinced the 90s were the best time to be alive. My parents have seemingly endless tapes of video of our family growing up. And I know everyone thinks, "well, i film everything now because it's so easy"...these are tapes of actual special moments. You had to dedicate a carry on bag just to capture them, not just pull out a phone. I'm sure I'm biased because we all think we are special. But, I feel like most things that we record today will never be watched again.
The old video camera hits hard for a vibe I didn’t even get to experience
And we only got 58 seconds?!
This deserves an Oscar for being so cute 🥺What a wonderful memento!
This is too cute for words OP 🥰
Ah the 'You've Been Framed' Years!!!
beautifully done
Omg what great memories! I love the filming of the cats roughhousing
I wonder how many cats are still alive that were born in the 20th century?
A man ahead of his time
Video from prior to the internet as we know it is a nice thing to have around. I'm sure you enjoy watching these to remember pets that I'm sure are long gone by now.
I FELT this
More? I would like more.
Awwwww.
theyre 90s kittens lol
Melts my heart! I have similar home videos of my childhood pets. Now I have to go see if I can find the VHS.
This is amazing! Oh man, I remember how stoked my dad was when we got a camcorder.
That’s very cute.  I wish I had videos of my cat growing up, I miss her.  I only have even a few pictures of her.  I make sure to take plenty of mine now.
This is the best thing ever
This  is the best thing ever!!!
Truly ahead of his time...
That is beautiful.  I love when the two were wrestling and Tux gives them the old sneak pounce.
A wholesome Cat-alogue of sweet fluffy kitties.
Ahead of his time!
1995 was a good year.
Very wholesome...thanks for sharing. :)
I love this so much uhg
Aww I wish I had some footage of my Pouncer **♥**
I loved when mama cat pounced on the babies!
Im not crying; you’re crying!
This is just the greatest
This is basically what my iPhone photo library looks like...hours of my pets.
God damn aren't kittens just little bundles of joy.
This is really sweet
90’s cats... tsk so emo 🖤
Cats will cat
For the archives.
Did your cats watch a lot of WWE? Lots of surprise dives here. I was waiting for one of them to come out with a chair.
Saving this for when I need it on rough days, thank you!! Such wholesome 90s footage
It's so sad to think that they're probably not around anymore 🥺
Protect this dad at all costs!!!
This is so precious!
Lol my dad had more pictures of wildlife on his camera rolls than me and our family. To this day I do not fault him.
Your Dad definitely smoked pot.
My gal born in 1994 passed away in 2012. Miss you, Casper 😿
WTF.

To take the time out, the recognize the simple little things and to use what you have in order to record for the future ... literally heart warming to see something like this.

It's the little things in life like this which bring a smile to your face, and the tears to your eyes when you think about the pets and people who have gone before.
Your dad was for the internet what Da Vinci was for the helicopter
r/HistoricCatFootage
His footage is a license to print karma.

-Hal
Wholesome T_T
Proof that even before the Internet was a big deal, people default to watching videos of cats!
Why does watching this from 1995 feel like I’m watching something from the 70s back in the early 2000s?
I liked :20 when the 1v1 turned into a 2v1 and also when they were drinking white paint at :25
I love older videos of cats. With humans the fashion changes, the references and lingo change. But cats are still the same whether this year or 200 years ago.
I thought this would be some indie music video
Wish my dad filmed happy moments than creating bad moments for us. This is definitely something I would've want for kid me. This is so wholesome.
I just can't with this.   
The most precious memories one could get of pets.
Back in the days when cats weren’t stuck on their phones using using social media and making TikToks. Back then cats used to play outside in the mud.

Times have changed man
Cat heaven
They grew so fast!!
Awww I remember 1995! 10 years ago right? Right???
He knew one day this would be the internet.
Man there is something painfully nostalgic abt recorded video from the late 20th century.  I always knew it was a “big” moment in life when dad busted out the big recording camera.
That is so freaking adorable when the two smaller cats were roughhousing and the big cat jumped on top of them and then spazzed out I spit my water out!
This is pure love. Thank you for sharing this🥰
Going for the Kat Karma. 
Well done. Here's your upvote.
Our love for cat videos precedes youtube
I love how cats always use wrestler moves when they fight.

"Fluffy comes outta nowhere!"
The good ol days before our pets were camera shy 🐓
Remember how America’s funniest home videos was our source of cat videos
Precious moments.
It must have cost a fortune for the film and processing.
This is so precious.
I wish we had video of my childhood cat but she passed before we got a camcorder. We do have a few Polaroids though.
wonder what the end zoomed out looks like
Where is the rest? By my estimations there are at least around 2 hours of footage left.


This makes me sad:(
I mean this is some good content
Someone literally commented to me the other day “why would you film anything if you didn’t intend to post it on social media?” Like, you realize cameras existed before the internet, right? People like to record stuff for the memories, not just for upvotes.
I was not born in ‘95. While the cats were playing, sleeping and eating I was nowhere.

I don’t know where i was. I have no memories before i was born. Nothingness

This is how it’ll probably be when we die. Nothingness. No memories. Nothing.


Sorry. This video just gave me an existential crisis
Before raising cats, my father never allowed cats. After raising cats, cats are now more important than me.
1. Why are your cats the cutest things I’ve ever seen and 2. If I was a cat this is what I’d imagine heaven to be like.
Reminds me of my past two cats, they were adorable, they were cuddly, they were my two best friends, whenever I cry, they come to me and lie in my arms, whenever I come home, they welcome me and ask me for a pet... If only my family took care carefully of them, they wouldn't leave me forever in this cruel world. They were all dead one year ago... 

When I watch your video, this makes me back into the past before they have gone, and my heart now is fulfilled with love and happiness. What a relief.
Send more
This is so sweet, he must’ve kept that camcorder on him at all times
Wholesome dad
This is massively wholesome, thanks for sharing
;-; The kitties are so cute! And as someone who was a kid in the 90s, there is something so comfortable about seeing the non-HD film and hearing the sounds of the camera zooming in
My parents did this too when my siblings were first growing up. They did it for around 6 years but by the time I was born the camera was dying and my oldest sister was starting 1st grade so my mom didn’t really have to time to make videos of me. Kind of sad, but I enjoy the 30 minute special I have
Anyone else feel like these old videos are way better than today's?
RELEASE ALL THE TAPES!!!!
Unpopular opinion cats > dogs
The man was before his time
Oh my god. Your dad actually invented Youtube XD
If you have old home movies like these please digitize them. It's pricy but I promise you it's worth it for the fact that they can be in the cloud and never be destroyed. I have many regrets about not having old "DAD WHY ARE YOU FILMING" videos now after not digitizing them. Don't make the same mistakes I did.
r/praisethecameraman
I wonder what your dad would have thought if he had known how many people he could cheer up deep in the 20-21 pandemic with his adorable cat videos from the 90s.
Dad: I don't want no animals in this house

Dad after seeing kittens: I must record every beautiful moment
Your dad is the best dad.
If the classic video camera UI and resolution didn't prove the fact that this was filmed throughout the 90's, then that haircut certainly did!

Cool video, thanks for sharing :)
 One of the forefathers of the internet!
your dad was so ahead of his time
That is awesome, but I'm afraid your dad may have run a clandestine ninja school.  Judging by those ambushes I'd say it's a pretty darn good ninja school as well hehe.

Seriously, this is awesome!
Only '90s cats remember this!
Cute. All I have are still photos of my childhood cats. There was one who used to love to sit under a metal lampshade when the light was on. My grandfather called her the town drunk (back in his day drunks wore lampshades, though that might be urban legend)
This gives me nice nostalgia vibes
This isn’t real.
i love how cats have literally never changed. they pulled these shenanigans 1000 years ago, and they’ll be doing it for 1000 more.
Hate to break it to you but your dad was blazed 24/7
😍😍😍😍😍
Ngl, your dad is pretty damn good at filming cats.
So, "cat videos" were around long, before [cat videos](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J---aiyznGQ)...
I feel sleighted that we only got one minute instead of hours
This 1995 camera has better resolution than my 100 dollar walmart phone from last year.
This belongs in /r/vintagecats ! I love it
Not a cell phone in sight. Just cats living in the moment.
You give a dad a 90s era camcorder and you best believe he’s gonna strap in and film whatever the fuck he wants lol
I like cats.
I honestly wish this was possible when I was a kid. We didn't have the digital camera in your pockets that we have now. My family has always had cats and I can't remember most of them any longer (brain injury has erased an entire decade of memories and made rest fuzzy at best). I hate having the tell my sister, when she brings up a past cat, that I just don't remember.
I wanna watch more of these hours
This man was a visionary.
I'm enthralled!
I have to ask, Was he trying to catch that one moment that he could send off to America's Funniest Home Videos? Did it ever happen? I'm looking the time stamp.
My dad died when I was 5 and he liked recording me, his only child, on tape and audio cassette. We lost everything in a house fire when I was 6 except for 1 tape. When I listened to it, all I wanted was to hear his voice and listen to my parents from the good days. It was mostly them just trying to get me to make baby noises and silence. But the few times he spoke, I cried. Moral of the story - make more mementos for your kids and take care of yourself for their sake.
Yup, I'm gonna have to ask for the rest of this glorious footage (please).
Weirdly, no footage of his kids at all.
I think it would be funny to take all that footage and make an animal movie with voice overs a la Homeward Bound
Wow so sweet
Though as a similar thing, one present I've been doing for my mother is that I've been slowly scanning all ~195 of her photo albums into our family Google Drive so that way they will never be lost. I'm only up to like 22 and I basically can only get them done at a rate of around 3 a week depending on the album (it's fascinating how much album technology changed in only the span of the like 8 years I've covered so far!).
This is pure vintage cuteness. I hope the cattos lived a long life.
Clearly fake. What dad would make a home video in the 90s and not be actively narrating everything that's happening?
Seeing '95 again felt nice. Thanks
The first video was filmed around 11 years before i was born
All of these cats are dead now 🥺
Watches video: :)
Saw the date: :(
r/praisethecameraman
Is no one gonna mention the button at the end? Decency people.
These cats are likely passed along with OPs dad.

But everyone that sees this will know that these cats and OPs dad lived and they had a smashing time.

However nobody say the white cats name into a mirror 5 times or it will jump on you
I don’t mean to be rude, but, does this imply that he found the cats more entertaining than his children?
Hours? I only see 58 seconds...
Every cute cat in this video is dead now
No pics of the kids though
How are the cats?! Are they safe, are they alright?
By far the best 90’s home video compilation I’ve seen!
Those cats lived good lives. Cute little guys
This melted my heart ❤️
Seeing cat videos makes me miss my old cat that was still old as hell yet still kicked ass.
The sacred archives!
I love how half of these are a cat going Green Man from out of frame.
Hours? Where are the other hundreds of minutes of video?
It's amazing to see how normal human  life has changed so much since 1995 with the internet and cell phones but cat life was basically the same
This makes me really wish I could let my kittens outside :(
I like this post
I feel robbed. That was only 58 seconds.
tiny, adorable, furry little killing machines
I would have been just over 5 years old when this was filmed
Start a vintage cat video trend on YouTube
Soooo cute 🥰
I miss the sentiment of these old home videos and holding a camcorder.
Aww what a treasure!
Awww your dad didn't know there would be a way to instantly get millions of cat videos in your hands.
Do you have an uncropped version? I know these home videos were likely done in a 4:3 aspect ratio.
Wow these cats are older than me!
This is the stuff I hope super long away future generations find out of our revenants. Not the BS we are going through now but this...humans just loving some damn cats. 

Can we have Rogan send this to the aliens?
That second clip with the cats playing was the day I was born. At least something cute came from that day.
Old videos like this remind me of crime drama videos
Ah yes, the classic feline
I remember when I was 15, I would see videos made 25 years prior and thought how antiquated those videos looked. I was 15 in 1995. These videos look super antiquated.
And not 1 picture of the kids.
This is a really good transfer.
Now that’s a dad! My dad wasn’t very fond of cats for a while, but one day he came home with a pair he found in a truck yard. Fast forward 8 years and they have 6 now!
I would watch hours of this ❤️
Strange
This could be in a Vat documentary. It has tbatold school film vibe.
My serious dissapointment when i see the gif is only 59 seconds long.
Awwe
I love them
I just love how many cat sneak attacks there are!
I just saved a video of your family's history onto my phone.
wow, this is so great. I'm so glad you have these
Those sweet little cats!  Makes me think about when my little guy won’t be around anymore.... 😢
This is tic toc gold with the right audio.
Your dad is good.
He was ahead of his time.
Your dad was ahead of his time.
He was an early adapter
u/savevideo
That is something my dad would do too💕
u/savevideo
THIS is what the people want.
Turn the kitten audio to mute and listen to Field by Keaton Henson while you watch these cats. Takes you places man
I miss the 90s
!remindme 20 years
👑
Wow Player 3 really entered the game there
Now I kinda regret not having videos of my cats.
That cat has a great life!
Remarkable. Truly remarkable
The second one was just a straight sneak attack
You’re lying.  This is only 1 minute.
Yet only footage is kittens was expecting to see them grow up
I've been having a pretty rough couple months, and this made me feel really warm and happy. Thanks
❤️
I like your dad.
Forget cat filters and anime doll face filters.  I like this nostalgic feel.  Over sharp edges and slightly faster than real life.  I don't do filters, but if I did I think it would be this one.
Where’s the other hours?
A true pioneer!!
The way that cats have always acted the same actually brings me peace for some reason.
Where do you get grass that green in December?
So much adorableness in so little time.
Aww why is this making me tear up, those kitts were so we'll loved.
OP probably doesn't have baby photos. Just cat photos.
Quality footage.
This is so beautiful. These cats were so love by your family, it's very clear. It's good you are able to have something to look back on your childhood friends as the years go by.
cute! just a reminder: cow milk can be very harmful to cats
[deleted]
this made me so happy then i paid attention to the date in the corner and just feel sad. i know they filled your life with so much love but just feels sad and double sad reading your dad passed.
Lol
The white floof second vid to the end awwwww I hope s/he had a lot of fun with that in their life.
I’m in a bit of a slump and struggling a lot with depression and anxiety and this video just made me smile so hard my cheeks ache and I just... thank you. ❤️❤️❤️
This is the best.
Damn how does it feel that your dad loved his cats more than you.
You know your mom was like "Home videos are never going to catch on, john!"
I wanna cry...
Yes, I want to see ALL of the tapes.
last vid was heaven.

asmr. hmm
This is street's ahead.
Y'all had some wonderful cats!
Did he show it to them when they were older and embarrass them in front of all their cat friends?
Do you hear that? No cellphones lol.
This is the best
Beautiful
They were adorable and very happy cats. You must miss them dearly.
/u/savevideo
I wish I grew up in the 90s
Desperately waiting for that perfect submission to America’s Funniest Home Videos.
Hey, that second clip was taken the day I was born!
We’re u the other cat
so cute<3
Your dad is a hero.
Beautiful. They look so incredibly loved and happy :’)
 You guys look like you’re out of a Wes Anderson film.
Why do I feel so...nostalgic
I'm only seeing 30 seconds of footage. Where is my promised hours
Tell your Dad I said thanks! Was so cute and wholesome and brought a smile to my face!
this is so sweet. i love seeing videos and photos of my old pets. what an awesome way to remember them
Joy! Joy! Joy!
Hours? That was only 58 seconds
This post reminds me of the good old Tv show, "America's Funniest Videos" Hahaha
Muy bueno
watching this made me feel very nostalgic
Your dad was SO high.
Is it just me or does this vid giva a lot of nostalgia vibes?
This is what a great dad does. My dad filmed hours of stuff in the late 80’s and 90’s. I watch it sometimes with tears in my eyes.
Why does this remind me of milo and Otis?
does anyone feels like this is an intro to a very sad movie
He is me lol
Omg thank you for this. I just realized I need to get more videos of our dogs for my daughter. They are her whole world
I thought that thumbnail was a piglet.
Anybody else hear a theme song?
I love the nostalgia mixed with the fantastic cat footage.
I'd give so so much to see Dexter Dixie and Molly doing hot laps under dining table again. Awesome video cool share
Give me a dump file link!
A true pioneer of the internet before internet
I would give this everything, if I had anything.
That is awesome. I'm sure he didn't realize how wonderful those memories on film would be. Our society now has a camera phone, and it's common, but old family films are masterpieces.
Someone post this on r/wholesome
Ohhh the 90s were zoom in was an art!
You can tell it is a dad from how shaky the camera is. This is adorable. You, my friend, has an amazing dad.
I was under the impression there was hours of footage. Can I see the rest please
No matter the year,  everyone wants to see a cat video.
I can see why
The 1990s and Reddit. Name a better combo. 

But seriously I love cats so this is lovely op.
I demand the full tapes.
Not all heros wear capes
This is adorable. Your dad is a wise man for capturing these memories
It was Dec 8th 1990-something and Murray had recently found my old video camera while cleaning the basement.
Precious
I am so glad I got to see this video in my lifetime.
This is creepy
Man I want to watch this bug v.redd.it is really killing this ...
The cats really enjoy reminiscing, when watching the home movies. Thanks Dad.
That white cat is a madman.
I bet he never imagined 50,000 ppl would watch his home video and enjoy it
I'm so glad you have these ❤️ they seem silly but they're such good memories to have and I wish I had more home movies from/with my dad.
U/stabbot
We were promised hours of video!
God I love the 90s!
Thumbnail looks like a stillborn pig
r/eyebleach
This man was the Internet before the Internet.
And why did you not upload the hours and hours of footage? I’d watch it all. Please. Thank you. K. Bai.
u/savevideo
So wholesome.
I believe you’re missing the rest of the video
Dead Cat Videos!
What a great dad! Tell him we said thanks!
u/savevideo
How did you get video from a VHS? I want to get my home videos off of some VHS tapes!
Amazing
Your father foresaw the creation of YouTube your father is a genius haha
Ahead of his time,

unknowingly recording cats that would appear 25+ years later in the Internet's everlasting cat  video trend.
Amazing!
r/hitmanimals
That white dude has adhd!
u/redglasse
I would like to see all the footage of your cats that you have, please.
The blanket at the beginning. My. Heart. Is. Mush.
That second clip was filmed on the day I was born.
So what you are trying to say is... Its possible to film a cat?
much better than Season 8 of GOT.
Rip ur notifications
Who wouldn’t die to have great footage of their childhood pets like this!? Thank your dad, this is great!!
Dad:we aren't getting a cat

Family:gets cat anyways

The dad and the cat:best boiz
This had to be the 90s. Am I right?
That’s the good life
This video lives in my mind without paying rent :)
awww it´s so cute and nostalgic  :(
Oh damn, one of the dates of these video was my exact bday. That’s wild
My dad loved our cat more than he loved us:lol
My dad typically would film trees, the sky, pretty much any random ass thing you could imagine got filmed
Aw that's really sweet.
THANK YOU
I think your dad invented ASMR.
Your dad is a treasure. I’m sure you’re aware.
Thank you for sharing this gem.
They fight, they play, and they also drink Leche
My dad just kicked the cats when they got in his way. Even if “in his way” was 5 feet out of his way. It's no wonder they were mean cats and scratched us. And it's no wonder that he and I aren't on speaking terms at the moment.
Dairy is like the absolute worst thing you can give to a cat!!!!
Oddly enough, there’s very little footage of the kids... wonder if mom is mad about going through hours of cat footage trying to find any bits of family footage. Honestly, cat footage is way better anyways. Dad for the win!

Edit: also, I’m so sorry for the loss of your father. My dad has advanced dementia and I know he won’t be around for too many more years. These kinds of memories are the ones I’m trying desperately to hold on to before he’s gone.
This is so sweet. Thank you for sharing :)
I love your dad, and he really was way ahead of the times for the ultra-long filming sessions.  Nice that he kept them for you all!
Simpler times.. 😙
Awesome
this is my favorite film ever
Reddit founder?
Tell your dad that I thoroughly enjoyed his art
One of those clips happens to be from the day I was born. Glad to know I know what cat life was like on that day
Your dad and I have that in common.
humans
Awww lol that tackle at the first few seconds. 🙈😂
Did I hear icelandic or am I just dumb? Haha
mlem scratch scratch
I take a lot of photos and videos of my kitties, I really enjoy them a lot, also after they've pissed away 💙
Cats are wonderfully weird creatures
Your dad was great at catching these adorable kitty moments! Best home videos ever!!! =D

<3
"When we were growing up".

Are you one of the cats?
If there was a sub called "old school aww", this would be good for it, haha.
My parents did the same thing. So many videos of them just playing or sleeping
Are you sure the white one in the second video isn’t supercat!
Hours of retro cats, you say? I think I speak for a large portion of Reddit when I say that I wish I could see more of these two.
the toy hanging from the tree is such a good idea wow if only my cat were an outdoor cat lol hes so scared of going outside haha
Your father saw the future and did what he could to prepare
Aaawwe! I love them! 😭😭
There's something about watching candid videos of things in the past that provokes such strong emotions in me. Just a couple kittens playings...  decades ago. A day in the life
He was ahead of his time.
Have you created a Youtube account? Some redditors would watch the heck out of those videos. I mean totally not me of course but others maybe lol
Where’s the rest of the footage? I absolutely need it.
This is the type of quality content I’ve been looking for.
90s cats sure had it easy
So am I the only one who first thought I was seeing a pig lying on the floor?
I want a white cat
this cat is so cute. i think this is your cute friend.
David Cattenborough
"Carefull lads! Those are woild 'animals!"
Dad was ahead of his time! Knew the cute cat videos would be useful someday
u/savevideo
Your father was a visionary. He knew one day cat videos would be glorified and be worth gold.
We recently had some of our old VHS tapes converted and I was surprised how much cat footage there was. But it's just what people did before we all had smart phones
This is amazing.
Im not crying you are. :P
I love this video and appreciate you making it...and now feel personally invested as to the adulthood life of the cats (and the kids). Your dad did great. X
I cannot even 🥺🥺🥺❤️❤️
This is absolutely beautiful. Those kittens must have been the best of friends.
This warmed ~~warned~~ my heart, for some reason. Loved it.
My thoughts:
"awe that's cute"

"those cats are dead now"
2 hours total
When your dad unknowingly made some of the first cat meme videos..
u/savevideo
He was a visionary
Seeing videos you know were filmed on vhs are like heroin injections for me ever since I turned 30. I miss the 90s.
I didn’t want that to end
He did a good job!
This guy was a internet fortune teller.  I can watch this forever
Beautiful. Good job.
Aww man. Thinking back about what I was doing in  ‘95. I was a wee 11 year old snot then.
Thanks for the toy idea
That one cat: *runs in and bops then flees*
This is tripping me out because this was happening like a week before I was born
You are so lucky!  Wonderful.
I had the Office theme playing in my head.
These cats are all dead. :(
the heart has been warmed...
This is so precious
Trying to get that americas funniest videos money.
I miss the 90s.
Can you blame him???
Updates please?
I got confused and thought you were a cat typing this post.
So damn cute
Man 90s home video recordings are like ASMR to me. The way you can hear the fingers moving on the zoom buttons, the way kids playing in the background mixes with the signal noise. I miss it
well that is just adorable
Sounds like he left some good funnies for future generations!
These aren't my cats or my dad but I feel a heap of nostalgia and simpler times watching this.
This reminds me of the music video for the best day by taylor swift
Your dad is totally cool.
this is the best everrrrr
Vintage kittens! Watch out internet
I absolutely love this
And I'm glad he did because now I get to see them 25 years later
u/savevideo
Dad before: No we're not getting a kitten

Dad now:
I love the 90s vibe this will always gives
I bet he was high
This is the best thing I’ve seen in a while. The endogg mg was especially sweet. 💜
Cat vids haven't changed a bit.
A man before his time.
I LOVE THIS
Ngl, I'd rather watch video of cats growing up than human growing up
The cats just relaxing and getting massaged
هذا قط رائع هل تريد شراء قط  https://almustahdaf.blogspot.com/2021/02/blog-post_21.html
Transfer this to memory and enjoy editing it!
this is so cute. I wish i had taken more videos/pictures of my chaton when he was here.
u/savevideo
Please be more of this cat footage. It is deeply important to me in that it makes me very happy and I like being happy.
"Martin, you're supposed to be filming our children."

"I am."
That’s nice. When we were growing up my dad filmed hours of the ground, the sky, the inside of his pockets, his fingers & feet. No reason. Just the usual dad thing not realising it was still on record.
I'm crying. Thank you.
God I fucking love cats
What happened?
I absolutely love old vintage videos like this
u/savevideo
A fine father and fine kittens!
This... i love this
What would you do if I sang out of tune?...🎶
These videos make me feel comfy
Lovely............
Mmm I was 2 months old when this was filmed.
Anyone remember the Everybody Loves Raymond episode where Ray recalls how his dad used to play with their bunnies when he was a kid?
So basically my phone in HD and without the time stamp. Wait I need to tell my wife I am a dad now.
Missed opportunity: So I put together a supercat!
NEED MORE!
A thought I had during this was “I wonder if he ever got them converted digitally?”, followed by “of course he did dumbass, you’re looking at it on reddit”
this is so soothing to my soul
I would give anything for footage like this of my childhood pets.
Your dad was definitely ahead of the times there.
I wish I filmed my cat more while he was alive
I hope those cats are living epic lives
LoL at this home video having better quality than most of the security footage on the FB posts asking, "hAvE yOu SeEn ThIs PoTaTo qUaLiTy BuRgLaR?"
FOUR WORDS. FULL FOOTAGE.
Those cats are a year older than me
This looks like a found-footage movie of Cat Heaven
This right there is a good man, with a great set of priorities.
These are too cool.  I love the kitty toy hanging from the tree.
u/downloadvideo
Is it nothern norwegian or danish I hear? This looks just like my life at that time. 
Dads and their constant filming was truly the highlight of that decade.
Throw some lo fi beats on top and loop it!
u/savevideo
That ambush from the side was great.
OMG




101K upvotes.
Who wouldn't?
You are the living_with_nala guy!!!! 😍 She is such a cutie!
"Only 90s cats would understand how it was like!"
These cats have the best life EVER!
aww
damn so this post is also meta for r/oldschoolcool
u/stabbot
Dette hadde sånn «Norge på 90-tallet» vibes at jeg måtte gjøre research i kommentarfeltet for å se om det stemte. Artig å se generelt!
My dad used to pretend our young evil adorable cat was me before I was brought home after birth. 

Some of the funniest home videos we have of him. Always an entertainer.
The second one kinda reminds me of Game of Thrones
I did the same thing. I mean, the kids are mad now that I don't have any pictures of them as babies
awwwww they're having so much fun!
Adorable. The ambush attack in the beginning was amazing. So fast. No hard feelings.
My day has been made.
Thank you kind stranger.
Nice
Time cat-sule
Their playing. Maybe they'll just die in 10 years 😭😭😭
Such happy little cats!!
Cats were so much different in the mid 90s. 

   What's happened with time...
Am I be wrong, but... 58 seconds aren’t the “hours” you said and I WANT to watch!
[deleted]
Attack
Ancient cat lore!!
I miss 90’s cats
Lol when the mom runs through and mercs the kittens
Who is petting a cat with their pants unbuttoned?
/u/stabbot
awwwwww so cute
A true pioneer
There's something magical about videotape. I just can't find a good word to describe it.
Hello CAT. Stop quarreling, come to my house. I have fish for you.
Too cute.  Does he have as many videos of his children growing up?
I scrolled quick and though said fingered
Are they still alive ?!
[deleted]
I wondered why it was sped up before realizing that kittens are just that manic
Will Play Fortnite Game To Pay My Parents Debt
> filmed our cats for hours

> shows 1 minute of footage

kinda disappointed
Hey cool! Dead cats!
Your dad needed to get a life.
How are the cats doing now?
[deleted]
your daddy love those kittens more than you
I love this. If you have more video like this, maybe consider creating Youtube channel?
maybe your dad was high
