The legendary one leg pose it’s unbeatable
No wonder the kid was completely unbothered having that move under his sleeve.
The self-applause at the end! Such a power move. The boy is his own hype man.
I love how little man is soaking it all in like a sponge
I like how everyone is nice to the kid. I remember when big people were nice to me when I was little and it meant the world.
The contrast between the modern clothes and the old looking stonework is interesting.
Love this
Awww that little foot!!!
How cool is it that Hip Hop culture has gone from the Bronx projects all the way to being a global force of positivity.
r/mademesmile
aww the way he runs up to them is just so cute
It’s pretty lovely how similar people ultimately are all around the world. Too bad we can’t seem to remember that.
Mad skills!
Olympics 2024
I love when you start watching a Video and you know "It's gonna be good!"
Kid got served. Hope he's ok
I am now aware that I am woefully behind on preparing my children for future dance offs.
He didn’t have to hold it on them like that. That was just nasty!
Sick moves
The saying is that in order to get good at something you gotta suck at it first
Man I find it just awesome how far hip hop has made it in the world. So wholesome. Hit em with that stanky leg.
He came at them with the dada-ist style which totally threw them off their game.

B-boy baby wins.
The Scorpion move. Check and Mate!
[You just got served!](https://youtu.be/4VfRfVhgbfk)
He blew them away with the fire hydrant!
My 3 year old girl does that move as well lol thinks she's the fucking shit haha
Her: *DADDY, LOOOK* 
Me: *WOW BABE, that's hella cool, great job*
Her: *Yea, I do that sometimes* proceeds to hair flip lol
Yogi here: that was a sick 3 legged down dog
You just got F'd in da A, this sataday!
The buildings in the back look like a movie set
You just got short served boooiiiii
Goddamn it this is so cute.
Those guys got styled on they had no chance of winning
Pure fire that little lad
It's On!
Little guy wanted all 3 of them to go before he destroyed them
I thought he was gonna kick that guy in the balls
Those guys are lowkey so wholesome
Those three got served worse than randy marsh
Killed them in ONE MOVE. This kid is SAVAGE.
Sorry fellas, y'all talented an all but ya got nothing on the lil dude! 🥰
Well was that consider a baby freeze? He’s a baby and froze.
u/savevideo
Awe man those guys got served!
> MC Pee-Pants has entered the chat.

*Make some room, make some ROOM!* 🤸‍♂️
Yo I'm ngl I fucking hate babies but this lil youngin killed it
I thought I was about to watch a toddler do a handstand
Dope!
No contest.
Daaaaaaaaaaaaaaaamn! It has been BROUGHT!
I wish the rest of the world would encourage and support one another like that! You go, lil dude! 💗
The last dance move was legit, he deserves the win :) so cute!
Was that the reverse Crane? I thought that was only a mythic legend told in folklore.
"I grew up in a rough part of town."
Those boys are talented but daaamn did they get served by the little boy
them boys just got served
LmfAO this is so cute man. Hit em with the 
✨the leg✨
I love this. This little guy's dance is so adorable!
Don't break my heart.
Daaaaaamn, showed those guys!
Awwwwww😍
so cute
I think the adults won this one. They had more elaborate looking moves.
Damn I was hoping the little kid would like start spinning on his head or something..
I’ve got something in my front pocket, for youuuu 🎶
It’s sad to see that in the world we live in, gangs are now targeting children.
I thought the little man was gonna loose but then he hit them with his secret move the Peking Duck, and now he's a living legend.
Little man for the win!! This was just too dang cute and mande me grin from ear to ear.
“Please clap now”
u/savevideobot
[That's gonna hurt later.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HOouA67N7qw&ab_channel=SouthParkHD)
I was expecting the kid to bust out some god-tier moves but then was surprised when he did just that
love how everyone said ‘OOOOO’
Holy shit they got served!
So wholesome
You know, Reddit s been pretty damn wild as of late. I was actually expecting this little kid to start busting crazy moves.
Hit em with the scorpion
He slayed them!!!!
sick moves
So cute
The setting would make a pretty good Street Fighter stage.
He destroyed those fools
you got served
He fuckin killed them.
That’s it. That’s the final straw. Imma start B-boying again. That’s too adorable.
I was kind of hoping for them to all fall over backwards after they got served.
"I shall call you... Half Squat."
Terrible audience, asked to be clapping I would give him a standing ooohh yeeah
Future B-Boy definitely.
This is literally what it’s like watching One Punch Man lol. The enemies have all these bad ass extravaggant attacks and Saitama just one punch them away
Man the crew on the left for fucking schooled
Absolute animal.
This is what non-toxic “boys will be boys” masculinity looks like
LItLE BoY MuRDeRs GrOwn MeN, In An ArTisTiC ALteRcATioN
He destroyed them. Lol
The kids just standing there like: 🗿
😂😂
That little boy looked at all of them and said “I’m about to ROCK YOUR WORLD”
Lmao. That self applause in the end!
OOOOOOOOOOOHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!
He killed them with the scorpion.
Crouching baby hidden scorpion
Awww so cute!
Super
Every journey begins with a single step.
His movements are so precise, it looks like hes not moving his body at all!
That kiddo SLAYED!
Of course, they had to let him win. Grandma was already ready in the background with the shoe.
This was so cute my tubes almost untied themselves.
Am I the only one who excepted him to drop some heavy shit ? He still won imo
That clap at the end tho!!! 🤣🤣
This has essentially made my day and I’m so glad it popped up in my recommended feed
Damn. They just got served
Anyone know the name of the first song?
They got SERVED!!!
He absolutely deleted them.
What song is this?
That is one patient little kid! Both of mine at that age (one who still is) would've been bouncing around at the very least, while waiting for their turn.
As soon as he lifted that foot off the ground it was over
The part that made me laugh the most was how perfectly fucking still that kid stood when they were dancing around him. Priceless
“Ooooooooooo” is universal.
Fuckin slaughtered.
I LAUGHED SO LOUD AND HARD SOMEONE CAME IN FROM THE OTHER ROOM!!!!
You got served sucka
The fact that those boys did that to include the baby....there's some good boys right there.  I'd be so proud if I was their momma.
Everyone.  Everyone in that contest is a winner.
How adorable they all are.❤️
That kid got fucking rolled.  Why’s he even going up against those three.  What a fool.
It's easy to say who won. All of them. Everyone there had a better day because of this dance off, they're all winners.
I kept waiting for someone to accidentally punt the child in the face but this was much better
This is the best thing. The best thing ive seen all week. This is it.
The little clap 😍
I love this specific genre of video. Adults sharing their talent and love of something with kids and hyping them up. So lovely
Okay but what y'all fail to realize is, not only did lil man stunt on them. He even said to himself, as he was walking up to accept their challenge, "Yo, I'm not trying to disrespect them too bad. Damn, which move can I pull?"

He had to take it easy on em. Lil man gave them a lesson in style and mercy. 

GOAT.
Cutie. Thought he was gonna kick that guy in the balls though for a sec
dudes: heres what we can do \*shows moves:  


kid: heres what i can do \*lifts leg while being on hands\*  


everyone in the world: WOOOOOO!!!!!!! \*claping super hard\*
several questions

1. What

2. who is filming

3. how did we get to this situation

4. why is this small child more talented than me
The adults won clearly
Not gonna lie.

I was fully expecting that little kid to go all "Yoda at the end of *Attack of the Clones*" with dance moves.
Nah fuck that they clowned on the baby, the baby didn’t even do anything
Yeah, not the kid, he got annihilated.
yeah that kid was shit. got absolutely clowned on. hope he learns from this.
Yo that baby got straight destroyed!
Omgggg this is so wholesome and cute
I dont care for kids too much but this kid made me love him
Whispering to myself "Yay!!!"
He’s like a young Jason Mendoza.
Damn, they just served that kid. Heartless bastards
his performance fucking sucked
Cringed so hard had to skip everything until the kid did something, and then they did something even cringier.
That was fuckn garbage that baby lost 0/10 from me
lol this is adorable… that "oooooo" was so cute
Dropped the Scorpion Technique on ‘em, FTW!!!
Blue pants won. That kid was garbage. No soul, no skill. 1/10
The adults really rekt that kid. He's gotta step up.
Young boy murders three adult males with ONE weird trick! 🤸
Hip hop culture is one of America's many gifts to the world. As a side note, so much of original American culture is from black Americans, especially with music and dance. From Bed-Stuy to Beijing!
"HEY! YOU GODDAMN HOOLIGANS STOP TEACHING MY SON TO BREAKDANCE! AND GET OFF MY LAWN"
Would have been good if he just ran up and kicked them in the shins
Scott’s Tots!
No contest
Anyone else instantly think of that episode of South Park?
Hey man, a single pose can do a lot.
Just ask the ginyu force.
Alternate ending from the recently discovered director’s cut of Clint Eastwood’s *Gran Torino.* 😁
u/savevideobot
I could see this being a pixar short
Ohhhh shit son
My fatass wouldnt be able to do that that's for sure
...
I really needed this🤣
I'm so proud of him
Baby steps.
This is my favorite video in the whole world.
At first, I thought this is a scene from a kung fu movie and was expecting the little kid to beat up the big bullies.
u/savevideo
A KING 🥺
Cute kiddo.  ❤️❤️
Welcome to the gang kid. Here’s a pint o’ whisky!
u/suuula
Who won? We ALL won!
We all know it was the kid, what are you talking about?
Possibly the cutest thing ever...so adorable
DJ Khalid, is that you?
I watched this expecting the "garage" to collapse at any moment.
Nice
Nailed it.
This is awesome. Who needs a hype man when you’re your own!
Wondering which location it is ... seems like a quite, beautiful village somewhere in Asia
Is this the BTS of a Disney channel original movie?
That baby got destroyed
Kids dressed as total adults is the cutest thing ever!!
Yo i would have clapped for myself too
Yo lit nice moves
I love how he has such supportive older kids around him!
Not gonna lie, that's dang cute.
THE CUTEST THING
Mad moves
dem moves tho
He got skillz
Omg! I love this!!! The little boy is like, "Look at me standing here all patient and not budging to the big guys!" Then his cute little move with self applause. We got this!
He has more confidance then i ever had
u/savevideo
You got *seeeeeerved*!
That wasn’t dancing, he was about to pull of a legendary taijutsu move for their lack of respect. Those men are lucky he hesitated.
That is my two year old’s EXACT move
“I’m not a dancer”
Breakdancing: this was me in the 80”s
Lol
My nephew and I play that game. It's called "two hands, one foot." 😊😁
This reminds me of pokemon when your just chilling and people come to challenge you
When the kid came rushing up, I expected him to kick the men in the balls.
amazing rock steady
I thought this was 3rd Strike music at first.
This is how you stunt on your enemies.
😍
He's just going to hit them with the Scorpion and destroy their pride. No remorse.

My man.
so adorable lol
Most wholesome thing I’ve seen in a while
Not the kid that’s for sure
I was really expecting him to just go off.
Lmao love the 1 move
That kids is nuts!
Hello 911, I would like to report 3 murders. Yes they were the punks who challenged the kid to Dance off
Such a cute little boy
THE FORBIDDEN SCORPION MOVE!!!
I don’t know why my expectations were higher given this kid looks like he only learned to walk within the past 2 months. I think the internet has distorted my sense of human capabilities.
Toddler: So the first two dudes were easy but I really had to pull out the moves for the third dude.
"Why are you break dancing at a staring contest?"
omg i love him
Call that kid The Rock, he’s the scorpion king
It looks like an old school JRPG battle.
My little sister used to pull this move when she was a baby. No she didnt turn into a breakdancer.
Bro this little guy needs to chill. Just relentlessly destroying these dudes. Every move a power move.
That house is rad.
A LEG IN THE AIR! He didn’t have to end them like that damn
好玩儿!
Well this is my checks my wholesomeness box for the week!
This village looks fun as heck
The construction of those houses worries me.
Fact: “serious” playtime with little kids will add years to your life.

I say this having spent a couple of hours last weekend examining the finer points of dry vs damp vs wet sand w my little nephew last weekend - pretty sure I would have needed to show ID to buy booze afterwards.
Love to see it
Oh man, that was brutal. Those three didn't stand a chance!!
Kid got skillz!
That 3rd guy DESTROYED that baby.
All y’all got served!!!!!!
U
u/savevideo
HIS SCIENCE IS TOO TIGHT!!
Ate those dance bullies eyeballs right in front of’em
It's not much, but take my wholesome award :)
... but I'm not a ~~rapper~~ break dancer
so cute :)
Ma’am this is a place of medicine
Absolute banger of a video
I feel this is something kiryu would stumble upon while running around kamurocho.
Unfair, he started with the "Salty Dog."
Slayed em!
/u/stabbot
It’s on
Flawless
Cute
Love the granma coming out at the end
i was expecting him to do a flare.
Aww he's so cute.
Yeah, the three guys.
That kid got some fresh moves.
The adualts got destroyed
That kid is so confused lmao
goosebumps just took over my body when the kid raised his leg. lol
The dramatic suspense was genius.
The kid
Shaolin Temple 2021
The camera man won
For one glorious moment, I thought he was running forward to nut him in the balls

Ah well.
Grandma won
you all just got trolled by an asian dwarf for a bunch off awards
They just got skooled!
Big Zoidberg energy from the kid. Dance is so complex - the eye can barely follow it.
Cute!
Someone should post this to r/mademesmile
2020 Olympics vs 1920 Olympics
The older guys clearly won. That dumbass toddler could barely dance. Embarrassing.
Yes, the adults, because the toddler has no motor skills.
So cute lol
Coo house
Sick
Okay.  So who else was expecting this kid to drop it like that DDR kid?
I was kinda expected the kid to just go crazy and do some crazy nonsensical stuff XD.
Little guy 🥲
And the kid starts twerking
For a second I thought he was gonna walk up and punch that guy in the nuts
Let’s face it, these dudes just got served!
Are they doing the Killer Bean dance!?
The cutest little thing
Imagine if we treated everyone like they were little kids. The world would be so much better.
at first i thought the kid will just go and hug the legs of the grey jacket guy !!
Awww
So cute!
u/savevideo
That pose the short one did takes years of practice and you have to talk to Red Man from the Killer Bee's just to get into the Hip-hop Dojo that is in a Crypt under a used record store in Queens. I have not been but I knew a guy that dated a girl that once got invited by one of the "Boys" from Heavy D and the Boys.
Obviously the lady that walked out of the house at the end
u/savevideo
Is that in korea?
I'm disappointed Run	-DMC isn't the battle music!
he do be killin’ it
And that’s the story of Donkey Doug....
The perfect execution of the ultimate unbeatable dance-kung fu position.
Most wholesome video in existence
*"Please clap."*
That scorpion tale was legit
Legend
Pretty sick move
That kid is SHAKING
Savage 3 on 1
Wow the new world champ has been found
SERVED
We need to make challenging people to dance battles a regular thing
“But, Marge, that little guy hasn't done anything yet. Look at him. He's going to do something and you know it's going to be good.”
Badass in the making
My heart melted
UNFUCKWITABLE
this video looks great for being filmed in the 90s
That kid got destroyed.
Sign him up for the olympics!!
Those dudes just got F'd in the A
the good 'ol 1legged Scorp move
I bet he's gonna do that lil stomping thing
Yesssssss
Haha!  Love it!
/u/savevideo
This makes me so happy. Get 'em kid!!!
Little dude went easy on them
I love how he got into position like: *behold*
Bboy scene in rural China, that's pretty sick.
Wat. Who?
👏🏽 he deserves all the applause
u/savevideo
That’s a core memory
Maaaaan track ID ??????
Little guy came out with the wombo combo
the first guy?
How could those people just stand by and watch an innocent child get served?
Wtf y'all talking about?? The kid can't even do a handstand without stopping to prep. Fucking looser. The w goes to the adults. I can do what that kid did
That kid got fucking rolled and smoked Lmao
Yeah well dude it wasn't even close. It was grown men vs a baby. Of course they won.
this is both kid and play
Teach them young!
Children love to imitating😀
Step up to the street
It's a start!
When dio one leg taps you......
That was sick.
I thought that guy from Fantasy Island was dead?
They got served!
Majestic
OMG just too cute
One of the cutest things I’ve ever seen!!!
Is this the world ends with you ost?
Oooooh isssss ooohn!
That kid has nerves of steel.
I can see it now - 20 years later, as this young man is telling his life story...  
  
"I won my first battle at age 3 - didn't win another until like yesterday"
These guys have a **moat??**
If do right, no can defend.
u/vredditshare
Destroyed that whole crew’s career.
which country? is it thailand?
U/SaveVideo
Damn son you just got effed in the a!
u/SaveVideo
 This is so adorable, even though I don't normally think little kids are cute.
Why is that the one “trick” that babies try to show off? Why my little cousin was a baby he’d do that (stick his one leg up) and say “LOOK! LOOK at this Trick!!”.
The grown ass men won that shit
Trash.
Kid got moves
“Holy Shit!” Breaker Style Unlocked.
Yo they just got seerrrrrrved!
“Please clap”
These dudes just got served.
Daaaamm those 3 dudes got served by the little man.
Yoooo that kid is nuts
Kids gonna be a beast on the flat cardboard
Bujinkan front ukemi.
When the main boss uses it's most powerful move on you.
Kind of expected a baby freeze tbh
The poise alone is 10/10
Ok... I guess we shouldn't exterminate all humans today. Today...
Baby wins
Must’ve just seen Sunmi’s choreography for Tail
Ends too soon - I wanna see what ayi was about to give off to them for!
The nerves on this kid
This has so much meme potential
Adorable
Due to encouragement at a young age he went on to be one of the greatest dancing legends of all time
HE’S A NATURAL
SCORPION KICK WINS.
No contest, toddler wins.
5 year old me trying to impress the guests we have over in the living room:
Man he looks like he’s been training longer than the other guys have been alive
u/savevideo
u/savevideo
Holy smokes that kid got smashed .
"You ain't gonna come to my village and diss me like that... Take that." *clapclapclap*
They just got served!
the adults flexed all over that kid
The adults
Everybody gangta till the foot went up
He danced back. That means it's on.
I just can’t get over the fact that they’re doing that in front of a house that’s gotta be 600 years old.
FUCK CHINA

FREE HONG KONG FREE TIBET
the way everone went OOOOooooOoohhh 😂😂 the vibesss
That clap so cute
Fucking owned it. Savage.
You just got f’d in the a.
Ended too soon. The old lady stepping out of the house was going to do something. I van feel it.
*Majima learning the breaker style.mp4*
Yeah the three adults wiped the floor with this toddler.
Three legged dog mastah!
It's on!
This is too cute
This is the first time ever I go audibly awww to a kid
Holy shit! His moves are unprecedented!
That's adorable.
Everyone won that day.
I guess this is why they call it the baby freeze
Why did him had to do them like that? WHY?!
The authentic Wu Tang Clan...
That kid just annihilated them so bad their grandkids are gonna feel that.
Literally the most adorable thing I’ve seen
Clap *bitches*... *That's right*...
I always loved battling my friend's newborn daughter!
Yup the older kids won for sure
I thought the kid was running upto the guy and was going to kick him in the nuts. I'm disappointed
Served
Absolutely adorable
That scorpion move = Wuxi Finger Hold of dance. Unbeatable. Well played, smol dancer.
New movie

Three men and a b-boy
That kid just fucking destroyed those idiots
What a tiny human! Haha <3
The kid fucken sucks at breakdancing
When I go rollerblading with my (skilled) son, and I tell him to “look what I can do.”
I could do that... I could lose to the kid no problem
u/savevideo
/u/savevideo
That was intense. Never seen anything like it
Dawwww!
Get fucked on punks
You just f’d in the A!
So that’s what a stand battle looks like to normal people
Damn he ain’t have to go that hard, I feel bad for them
That was cute but I was hoping the kid was some break dancing prodigy and just busted out insane moves
Step back, fools. I call this one “The Pissing Dog”.
u/savevideo
Kid just straight up vogue’s at them.       
“NEXT!”
THIS IS HEARTWARMING
THIS IS HEARTWARMING
That kid is well shit.
🔥🔥🔥
Baby freeze!!
Expected him to twerk in that position. Curse my cursed mind.
“Hey honey?”
“Yeah?”
“Can we have a kid so I can battle him?”
“..sure”
1 year later
Anyone else thought he was gonna walk up and punch the guy in the balls
The madlad
Can this be used from now on to win all dance off battles?
Stop vertical video syndrome.
u/savevideo
Yooooooooooo, man got some sick moves!
Am I the only one who clapped when he did the leg pose...lol.
They got served
thats some cute sidequest you encounter in final fantasy
Thaaaaat waa fuckin cute
[u/downloadvideo](https://www.reddit.com/u/downloadvideo/)
That baby sucks
U/savevideo
ya ya
Imagine people 3x your height challenging you to a dance off...
When my daughter was little she would try to copy older kids dancing and would do a similar pose, I would always make a huge deal out of it and she'd be so proud of herself with a big smile.  I'm so happy to see these guys encouraging that kid.
Sooo cute!!
This is, so lovely 😍😍
Lady’s walking out of her house. “Guys, leave my kid alone before I call the cops!”
Little dude got skills
A battle of youth and wisdom.
Obviously the person in red in the doorway at the end, I mean it’s obvious
I love how they are so supportive and going along with it
That was adorable
Is this like a typical looking neighborhood someplace?
So cute!
Bro this adults got shit on
Idk why I was expecting r/nextfuckinglevel
Kid went full scorpion.
idk about y’all, but i’m going with the three adults
That’s the cutest!
That’s all you got !! Haha
u/savevideo
I like to see breakdance from different regions. Greatings from a breakdancer from germany!
That kid has some mad skills, ngl
Damn that boy got some moves!!
Damn, why’d he have to do it to ‘em?!
Lil dude got style!
Gasp! He's incredible
That kid grew up to be Kim jong un. The greatest break dancer in the world
They gotta be korean!
The kid DESTROYED them
I’m gonna go unironically here, that kid got styled on.
U/savevideo
He’s got slo motion down pat.
He just showed everyone up with a three-legged-downdog.
3:0 Meidi
Oh man, they got SERVED so hard they must be limping to this day
That kid will remember that for life

If not on his own, then with the help of that vid
Better than all the superbowl half time shows I've seen.
You just get SERVED
Those fucking amateurs didn't stand a chance
RIP thoseguys. He showed em'
The kid had to hold back all of his moves so the men wouldn't die from how amazing he could dance
To good
That's a new take on the funky chicken ..inspired by the electric boogaloo. The kids got to work harder though.
Ducking stuck that landing!!   Confidence is key! Haha
Could not get “What else you got? What ELSE you got?” from The Office out of my head
FnF
Let's see you daaaaaance sucka, you got nothin on me
u/savevideo
He done brought it opened it and set the table
u/savevideo
You got served
Yung Jonah Takalouah
BBoy toddla is fire.
I thought that move was forbidden by the Elders 1000 years ago..
Legit thought he was gonna get kicked off into infinity
Yea the kid right
Anyone have any idea where this video was taken?
“Now clap for me”
Where is the part from the guy with that fleshy shirt?
You just got served
HEYA HYAAAA HEYA HYAAAA HEYA HYAAAA HEYA HYAAAA HEYA HYAAAA
With the way most videos are on here, I was fully expecting him to do a backflip or something...
u/savevideo
That kid is going far
u/savevideo
The kid's like, "Really?! That's all you've got?!"
Y'all are pandering mf's acting like that kid didn't just get served. Fuck outta here with that downward facing scorpion pose. Kid gon' learn
That kid sucks at dancing
Why was this removed by the mods? I can't see any possible violation of any of the rules.
wow that was so wholesome
I think we all clapped when the kid did it
SHEEEEEESH HE DO BE VIBIN
Yo I was legit waiting for the lil guy to start spinnin lol
The baby was like...that’s aight, but check this...Thot so!
Lmao this reminds me of Earthbound
He’s now one of the guys!
Little man broke out the signature pose. Downward dog with right knee bent
Sick man sick sick sick 😷
Honestly thought the kid was about to kick him before realizing what sub this is from
I'm sorry but that kid barely did anything. No, he lost.
Kids a natural
That was so friggin' cute.
Little man went off
Haha I was expecting him to start breakdancing like a pro
Thanks to this kid, I’m doing the one leg pose now!! Boss kid!! 😎
in that childs head, he was moving harder than they were. he's my spirit animal
this cant be... this.......is this the SCORPIONNNN !?!?!?!? NOOOooooOoOOOoooo
Part of me knew, just KNEW. the guy with the frosted hair would be the best out of all 3.
Epic!
Me at the cluuuub.
That was fabulous!
The kid is garbage at dancing he lost 0/10
DAMN he just had to do it to em didn’t he? Fucking ruthless
I needed this joy today!
why was i expecting one of them to round house kick him into the water on the left
This kid sucks.
That kid could improve his style, 1/10. next!
[I thought that was SHIT!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TfFSxyrCnLk)
Watch with sound. The "OOOOH!" when his leg goes up is \*chef's kiss\*
Ok....THIS may be the best video I’ve seen on Reddit.
The cameraman
Last guy gets an A for effort, but the winner was number three.
The kids performance was underwhelming and lacked skill, the dudes clearly won
It is me or does that house look like it’s about to fall?
I dunno. I feel like the first few dudes were demonstrably better than that last, much smaller dude.
I was reeeally hoping this was posted on r/unexpected
Jesus. I thought for a second he was really going to do a hand stand.
The guy in the black jacket gets my vote
I love that almost everyone has a camera phone these days.
[I expected this](http://images2.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20100906182854/uncyclopedia/images/a/ab/Dancing_baby.gif)
Gawguss...have a silver.
This guys look like the thugs in yakuza but act like kiryu and I love it
that B boy stance is no joke
Let's be realistic here, that kid got served, I hope he's ok
Pfffft.  I'm WAY better than that kid.
Capitalism
In a perfect world, they would have kicked the shit out of that lil fucker.
I thought the kid was going to twerk ༎ຶ‿༎ຶ
But he had me at pad thai
Thanos?
Cut it UUUUUUUUP KID
quick question tho - does that garage door have a.. _picture_ of a truck
I win

I got a Jack, 7, 4, 2, and a King..

I win.
Cultural appropriation, anyone?
I mean, I know they’re kind of “poor”, but that looks like an awesome place to live.
the old lady won the battle
it's that morning of owl?
I was waiting for a supra to pull up and they all drive away
The old lady who comes out at the end with her hands behind her back
just kick the baby and get it over with
DAYUMMMM
oh
Super Star!
He’s like, “I won!”
It’s like that one scene from South Park.
He just killed them. I hope they are ok after such a defeat
[Gotta learn how to respond](https://youtu.be/mP_WIsUfbPo)
Cuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuute
Everyone there dances better than me.
So cute!!!
Are those guys ok? You don't recover that easy from getting served
You suckas got served
The collective “OoOooooooO” makes this
