He is a handsome boy!

Is he named after your role in the Predator?
He’s 10 months-old and already weighs 103 pounds but he is still very terrified of Lulu. I’m working on his friendship with her and Whiskey.
Dutch looking pretty slick and ready to go to Tahiti
I had the opportunity to meet him when I was a Soldier. He was at Camp Doha in Kuwait for the 4th of July when he was running for governor. I took a picture with him and was on a plane to Iraq hours later. Very friendly guy.


Edit: Oh crap! Sorry Gov. Very cute puppers! I highjacked the thread by reminiscing.
At first I was like "wow this dude totally looks like Schwarzenegger... Then I remembered he was a reddit poster and went back to checking OP's username... Its all starting to make sense now :p
Thanks, governator. 

Mini Arnold story.

When he was campaigning in California he stopped at my town, Tracy, to speak at the mall there. My family was there for an unrelated reason (buying video games..I think Kingdom Hearts 1) and we stopped to watch him speak, but we couldn't get in front with the proper crowd. So we watched him speak from behind However, he had all the television lights in front of him, so all I could see was this giant glowing golden god. And then he became our governor. I was like, 11? It was pretty majestic.
You've chosen the best trio. A pony, a donkey and a dog!
What’s wrong with wolfie?
Does he have a plan?
You son of a bitch!
He looks really cool! Though I have some questions

1. Does he have a plan?

2. Does he like mangoes? 

3. Does he have some kind of weird hatred towards any dogs called “Angelo” or something like that?

4. Does he like tropical islands?

5. Has he ever met an albino stallion?

And 6. Does he always have a sudden need for money?

Btw, keep him away from snowy cliffs, just saying
[Dutch should fit right in with Whiskey, Lulu, and Cherry!](https://i.redd.it/d2sagt3o6na41.jpg)
That dog looks like he's got a plan.
“ARNOLD - I HAVE A PLAAAAAN

I JUST NEED SOME FAITH”
Governor! You're needed in /r/OldSchoolCool!
Let's get this to the top. We need Arnold at the top for being 50% old school cool and 50% aww.
Jesus people. HES SEEN THE ONE MILLION POSTS TELLING HIM ABOUT THAT DUDE’S MOM.

Can we not scare away every high profile person who uses Reddit? He’s not some show pony who can be summoned at will for memes. Imagine if you were constantly bombarded with requests to talk about a date that happened 30 years ago. 

Have some respect for the dudes privacy and let him use Reddit in peace.
Adorable! And the dog is cute too!
Hello Mr Schwarzenegger meet my dog Gus https://imgur.com/BqPBO2T he's the best boy ever
[deleted]
He's got a little plan guys.
Hey Arnold, you probally won’t remember me but once when I was biking through old town Sacramento as a kid,and I saw you and wanted to get a autograph, but it looked like a bunch of people were already bugging you and I didn’t wanna make you mad so I just yelled “I LOVE YOU, TERMINATOR” and rode away as fast as I could cuz I was embarrassed

Just really wanted to tell you again

I LOVE YOU, TERMINATOR
Come on... Come on! Do it! Do it! Come on. Come on! Pet me! I'm here! Pet me! I'm here! Pet me! Come on! Pet me! I'm here! Come on! Do it now! Pet me!
I HAVE A PLAN ARTHUR!

C’mon Dutch...
The dogs great and all, but who ended the relationship between you and u/allaccountstakenfml ‘s mom?
He be a good boi. Give him all the treats he wants!
I wish you were still our governor - you would terminate COVID-19
Was scrolling through the home page, saw this post:

Mmh he really looks like Schwarzenegger! Wow he could be his stuntman!

*Reads name*

*OMG he's among us enjoying puppies photos*
Before I saw the username: 
"Damn, this dude looks just like Arnold!"
Didn't know Arnie had an official reddit page, I must be under a rock or something
TIL that Arnold Schwarzenegger is on Reddit... I am pleased with this information!
Wait, so a dog adopted you and nicknamed you Dutch?

...I'm kind of jealous, now.
Perfect name! Predator is one of my all time favorites.
##F A I T H
Be careful with that one. He always has a plan
I was about to say, "you look like Arnie Schwarzenegger" and then looked up to see the username...well, that explains a lot.
Arnold Schwarzenegger hat Reddit? Huh, das hätte ich jetz nicht erwartet.
Am I the inky one who read the title in his voice as soon as I seen his face
Named after Dutch Schaefer from Predator, I bet.
TIL that Arnold Schwarzenegger uses Reddit.
Congrats Arnold on the beautiful new addition to your family! Also, thanks for all the inspiration you have provided me through the years.
There are only three people I wanna meet before i or they die and you are one of them. Thank you for Junior
I like your shirt Dutch
Dutch! You son of a bitch! Literally.
He's one handsome motha fucka
What drugs does he get?
I thought to myself, “Man that guy looks a whole lot like the terminator,” only to oof at myself when I saw the user name lol
I hate to break it to you, my furry friend, but he's actually Austrian.
Lovely dog and lovelier owner
What an adorable dog! Thank you for bringing so many people joy for decades.
Arnold’s love of animals makes me love him even more!
Dutch! Get to The Choppa!
Awwh what a sweet pup, but omg Arnie has Reddit? This cant be real, if it is then that is super awesome
I didn’t check the username and almost commented “Why does this man look like Arnold Schwarzenegger?”
Anticipated all the rdr2 jokes before opening the comments 😁 he does even match the colors of Dutch
Almost as handsome as dad!
You're living the dream.
You son of a bitch.
He’s got a goddamn plan, Arnold!
Arnold is truly livin his best life
Lulu and Whiskey are like: wtf is that thing?
I have one question. Has Dutch got a plan?
You look familiar...
To dah choppa Dutch!
He’s so happpppppy 😻
“I’m a good boi”
Awww
Cool, thats a nice looking human
Luckiest dog in the world.
Oh my god. I just scrolled through your entire profile. It’s so wholesome. Omg
Looks great, Mr. Governor! Congratulations!
This post is everything that I need to see.
What a cutie! The dog is pretty cute too.
That’s a nice lawn. Could nap on that.
Thanks, Arnold! Your posts always make me smile!
Aww, look how happy they both are.
He could take down the Predator without a problem.
Lol everyone’s making red dead references but the dogs named after Arnold’s role in Predator, his name was Dutch, bc he’s Dutch
I would just like to say, Mr. Schwarzenegger, you are a legend to all and thanks for everything you have brought to this world.
I once met you at the Arnold’s kid classic when I was 12, I think about 5 years ago, I played you at chess, it was so great to meet you! You have a beautiful dog!!
I hope he adjusts nicely, what’s the dogs name though?
Great!!! But... what's the dog's name?
He’s a smiling puppo. Love it! May he protect and bless your family for many, many years.
Remember when I said I was taking you to the park? 

*Pulls into the vets*

I LIED.
Holy fuck I've never seen such level of upvotes
Wait is this the real Arnold Schwarzenegger's reddit account?
Wow the first post of the my day I see is a dog with Arnold my day is gonna be good beyond comparison
TIL the terminator has a reddit account
Does Dutch have his own Instagram? I make my wife follow a celebrity with a dog named Boris so she can show my videos of the dog.
Could you do us all a favor and terminate the president?
No that’s Arnold.
Wtf that's Arnie
Pretty sure Dutch is named after his Predator character, not RDR2
Today I learned that Arnold Schwarzenegger has a reddit account
Dutch has a nice beard and looks fit for his age. Grats on your acquisition Doggo.
Wait lemme get this straight. The predator killing commando terminator mowing people down in the battlefield, is on Reddit? Fastest follow of my life right there.
Dutch like in Predator, fucking love that movie
Legend has it his first pup inspired the legendary “I’ll be back” phrase
Hey Arny
That man seems old to join your family Mr. Dog
so cute wowe
Cute dog
ARTHUR I JUST NEED MORE MONEY
Way to go Arnold, I hope Dutch is a very good boy and gets lots of love❤️❤️❤️❤️
Dutch is the goodest of boys, take good care of him Governator <3
Wow, I never thought I'd see a u/GovSchwarzenegger post so soon in its life.

Hope you're having a fantastic day, your dog looks so happy :)
Does he have a plan?
“Dutch! You son of a bitch!” 

(Yes I know the line in Predator is “Dillon” rather than Dutch, but I couldn’t resist the reference to the movie or the pun with the term for female dog)
De volgende fase van de kolonisatie is van start gegaan mannen.
awwww, my dog's name is dutch too! he's a 1.5 year old good boi.
Awww he looks so happy!
*I’ll be bark*
He just needs more treats!
Hope he doesn't like carrots because Lulu and Whiskey ain't sharing.
Wow, So Arnold Schwarzenegger has a reddit account. Thats cool
Have some goddamn faith Arthur
Oh shit someone hide Arthur
Cute dog mr. Arnold.
WE JUST NEED MONEY ARTHUR
Awh congrats Arnie!
Hey dad can you adopt me too?
As a Dutch-American I approve!
Gorgeous!
AHHHHH GET TO DUTCH'OPAAA!!!!
He or she is adorable.
Holy cow! What a super pup and super guy!
Ohhh, what a sweetie!!! I love Dutch! He’s a good boy!
I clicked on this thinking “haha that guy kinda looks like arnie? i’ll bet it’s the first comment” and then i realized
HOOSAGOOBOUY
HOOOSAGOOOBOOOY!

DUTCH is! YES HE IS!
Awwwwwghhhh
I’m out of the loop—does Arnold Schwarzenegger often post on Reddit?
Wow how precious is he? Is that the biggest he will get?
He is so cute :)
Former governor Arnold you have one handsome dog. Thanks for being a huge part of my childhood films.
I hope he gets another dog and calls it it T-800
Terminator came out 3 days before my birthday and I had talked about it for months leading up to it. It was the only time that my dad took the day off work to do something with me. It was probably the best day of my life. You’re a great guy, Arnold, your movies and actions have made more impact than you could even understand and yet here you are- just a normal guy like everyone else, happy to be with your dog.
I’ll be Bark
Today I learned Arnold has an account :D Also, great picture :)
Your my dad's hero and that makes you my hero it would mean the world to him if you can say "come with me if you want to live Yoav Koplowich and happy birthday" I know you probably won't do this but I need to try for my old man thank you
He seems pleasantly dopey, I'm sure he'll get along in no time :)
What a cutie!
So when he runs away to fetch a tossed ball,.. does Arnold ever say... he'll be baaack?
Meet Dutch.  Dutch Oven!
THE DOGGONATOR!
The governator now has a fur missile
What a beautiful good boy!!!!
He looks Austrian to me
Wow, your dog looks a lot like Arnold Schwarzenegger!
💕💕💕💕💕enjoy
Nice doggo
Absolute madlad
Now all you need is a god damn sexual tyrannosaurus Gov!
Should've named him Harvey...you sonuvabitch!
This probably won't be seen with all the comments but you two look so happy! So adorable. SMILES
As a final touch, God created the Dutch.
He looks so much like the family dog we had, his name was Cedric. He was a husky lab. He was the best dog, and incredibly intelligent. Live your best life with Dutch. <3
Named after your character from Predator? Very nice.
This looks like a developed photo from a film camera in the 90s, it's cool!
Dutch. You son a bitch.
Beautiful.
Looks like he has a plan
TAKE MY VOTE!
Which one?
The picture I didn't know I needed to see today
Aw, the dog named him after one of his characters. Adorbs
Nice new human plenty of soft fur gonna be really easy to train if u ask me
I love him
You guys adopted a swzenager
Not one reference to that being Ronald Reagan’s nickname?
So cute!
Did he GeT To Da ChoppaaAaaAA !!!??
I love how dogs bring out the kid in us. We don't deserve them
 Yes
This dog is the spitting image of oir malador (alascan malamute x labrador) 😲😲😲😲
Now see if Carl Weathers has a dog named Dillon, who your dog could literally call a "son of a bitch" without forfeiting accuracy.
Would be super awesome if you have call it "CHOPPA"
I had a German shepherd named Dutch when I was a kid but named after the gipper lol
ja, lecksmirdogleichamoarsch
Goddamn that's a big boy!
Dutch could beat The Predator just with his cuteness!  Congrats!
Is he adopted?
That blue shirt really suits Dutch!
Can I get bought by Mr. Universe
Total Rekall
My dog has brows just like yours! They are so adorable!
COHAAGEN! THIS DOGGO NEEDS AIR! Beautiful pup, best wishes to a long, happy, and healthy life full of love!
Not Dylan? Cause he looks like a sonofabitch.
D'awwwwwwwwwwwwwg!
Huh, Dutch looks alot like Arnold Schwarzenegger for some reason..
wait your arnold?
Dutch is a little cutie! Reminds me of my old dog, I miss ya, Bailey...
Luckiest dog ever.
You look like a little older version of the guy from Terminator.
Awwwwww! Love that smile! Hi good boy!
Thank you for the much needed smile.
Cute pooch Governor! I miss the old days Arnie! I really do, thanks for being a good hero for my generation. We really lucked out with you, stay well and stay involved. You’re a voice of reason in some very unreasonable times.
DUTCH IS IT KEK OR CRINGE
Mr. Governor, off topic but how many cigars you smoke a day sir?
He's beautiful!
You son of a bitch!
Now you need to create an account for Dutch and post the same picture but caption "newest member of my pack"
That big shadow is a chopper where you both need to get to....

Dutch looks awesome!
Dutch looks awesome. Dunno who the dog is though.
He stole my dog!
OH MY GODD
You are the bright spot that we need. Thanks Arnold
this picture is pure joy
Two very good boys
Dutch! You son of a bitch!

I’ll see myself out.
Yes, he definitely looks like a Dutch
I’m a simple person - I see the Terminator with a cute dog, I upvote.
The donkey and mini horse are going to have to live outside now!
He looked so happy with the champ!
What a big boy! Why this particular breed?
Any one going to tell him that's not a Dutch that's Arnold mother loving Schwarzenegger?!?!?
No, I believe he is Austrian.
Just amazing
I thought his name was Arnold? Damn pups renaming celebrities like that
I’ll be Bach
Van der linde?
I SEE THE CIA HAS YOU PUSHING TOO MANY PENCILS!!! I love you dude, thanks for giving my friends and I dozens of one liners to yell at each other. It's always a little sad to hear when celebrities are stand offish to fans, but every thing I hear about you is awesome.
What breed is he?
I was boutta say that he looks like Arnold until I saw the OP🤦🏻‍♂️
I was like is that Arnold Schwarzenegger or the OP. Then I saw the username....
Hey Dutch!  Remember to drink water!
Cool dog, btw that guy looks like that one famous person.
At least Dutch doesn’t look like he will shed as much as that purty dawg.
Aww!! But what's the dog's name?
Not your personal instagram
“From the fifth”
JUST ONE MORE REP ARTHUR
Mega süß!
Doggo.
Hello cutie pie! One of US is in DEEP troubles!
Literally was so captivated by the pretty dog that I missed the terminator next to it.
You look ripped you should be a body builder......
I'm sure his favourite activity is rolling around in the mud and pretending to hide from everyone.
The man or the dog?
So much joy!
lmao love how arnold is basically just on the verge of starting a massive ranch full of animals.
I wanted to write that this man looks like Arnold Schwarzenegger, then I realised it is Arnie himself
That is a happy doggy smile if I've ever seen one <3
you look familiar
Oh hi there Dutch!
He's so cute, Skynet sent him a cybernetic belly rubber from the future.
Nice.
Dutch looks a lot like Arnold Schwarzenegger
Aww
Thought this was a repost and then looked at the username u/GovSchwarzenegger
Pls don’t tell him to put the cookie down! He deserves it. Doggonator
Predator reference
He's got a plan
Cool so you adopted a human
Hi Dutch!!! 💕
I like Dutch’s blue shirt
Is his name based of your character in Predator, Dutch?
Instead of *Get to the Chopper!* it's *Get to the Pupper!*
If you ain’t Dutch, you ain’t much!
You look just like that actor from the Terminator movies!
Are you the real
Get to the puppa!!
Ok Red Dead is great and all but can we take a moment to appreciate the fact that Dutch was the name of Arnold's character is Predator?
Who is your daddy and what does he do
I’m a simple man. I see an Arnie post, I upvote.
I'll be bark...
But who dumped who
Perfect name for a good looking dog
The Huskinator!
I was going to say dayum op you look like Arnold Schwarzenegger....because he is. 😂😂😂
Awww, that looks like a happy puppers. Got him for your dad?
What a doll! Adoption advocacy!
He is in excellent hands
I can't believe Arnie is on Reddit, what a guy.
Should've named him John Connor!
Congratulations sir
I hope Dutch loves you and your wife equally.
Y’all have lost y’all goddamn minds Dutch. JUST ONE MORE SCORE
So adorable!
Hey Arnold l! It’s almost our birthday!
YOU SON OF A BITCH.  *most testosterone fueled handshake of all time*
The dog is cute, but I'm super impressed you managed to adopt an Arnold Schwarzenegger lookalike. Those are hard to get these days.
I’LL BE BARK 🐺
Aww, they bought an Arnold Schwarzenegger and named him Dutch!
The dog has a large head.
At first I was confused what's up with this picture having a ton of awards then I went holy shit what the fuck its him
Damn I want a Arnold look-a-like named dutch!
“Get to the choppa”!
He wouldnt need to take out the predators cloak with an improvised explosive....hed sniff em out...better Dutch than Dutch!
You rock!!
I love all of everything about this very very much.
Dutch looks like a sweet pup. 

Congrats on your new family member, /u/govschwarzenegger !  I hope you make the best life for eachother. <3
Dutch looks like such a happy sweetheart, congratulations!
It would be cool if you injected steroids into your dogs tail. 

Could you outlift mark rippetoe? 

I think not. 

Think again
I see you got yourself a hooman. 🐕
"Dillon! You son of a bitch!!"
i was like, this guy kinda looks like arnold schwarzenegger.
Nice, and whose dog is that?
the dog is really handsome
This guy looks like the Terminator...weird
Is he called that because human Austrian?
Some damn bastard accused him of being the best
nice
I know you probably won't see this, but what's the chance of Conan 3 ever getting made? The Conan movies are some of my favourites ever made, and the thought of you reprising the role as Conan the King gives me chills. :D
Anyone else reading his posts in his voice?
Awwww, Arnold looking younger than ever.
I’m sure this is already commented but I have to say it.  “GET TO THA CHOPPA!!!”
Both look so happy 😊
Are you... not important love the dog
I wasn’t able to find if you’ve already answered this, but what breed is this handsome pup?
The guy on the left or the dog on the right?
And now I want a cute doggo version of The Terminator.

"I'll be bark."

"Your bones. Give them to me."

"Hecc you, butthole"

XD I love it. He's a top quality good boi!
Beautiful pupper! I hope someday I can get one as handsome as he is!
What a cutie
Give dutch lots of love Arny!
Is that a Rottweiler Husky...Rotsky or Hottwieler?
You son of a bitch!
Lookin good! I like his shirt!
Wholesome pic, 10/10 would recommend
When Dutch plays fetch does he say "I'll be barrrk!"
I call my cat that. Like Uncle haha.
What a pretty doggo!
That guy looks just like Arnold Schwarzenegger
Dutch, you sonofabitch!
You’re one ugly mother... I kid. You both look happy, dawg ( :
One handsome man...and the pup ain’t bad either
Nice!...My ferrets are named Dutch and Matrix.
All the awards. Jeez- the man is rich. Donate the money you'd use for an award on this post to some charity in need instead.
Dad: I don't want a dog 

Dad and the dog:
Can you run for president please?
I like doggies. That's all I came to say.
I keep reading it in his voice.
I literally just finished rewatching Terminator 2, it's good to see you with a smile on your face!
No, his name is Arnold Sczwarhz something
Awww
wow
No,the left one. He is your new father!
Duuuuutch
As a Dutchie I approve this message!!
Ahh Dutch your lookin great in your blue t-shirt
TAHITI
Why do you look like Arnold Schwarzenegger?

...oh
Arnie!! Is it really you?? This guy is my youth, takes me back anytime I see him ❤️
He needs more money!
Well thats something I didn't expect, Arnold Schwarzenegger has Reddit...

Good luck to you and your family extention
Love the white eyebrows—best wishes for Dutch and family.
Alaska Malamute? Looks just like the dog I just adopted. Very cute.
I would die for Dutch
Thank you Arnold, very cool.
Holy shit! This post is real
Happy birthday Arnold!
I love em already.
Mr. Governator do you think GNUS will be rebounding anytime soon? My life savings is banking on it!!
Happy birthday sir!
This should be president's dog.
Now he needs Dillon the son of a b🤬
Awww he's gorgeous.....and the dog ain't bad either 😉
He looks like my puppy Max https://imgur.com/gallery/8crt7ul
Happy birthday arnie
I do not deserve this picture. He’s fucking adorable.
Get to the choppa!
I'm sure Dutch has a plan to go and grow mangos in Tahiti
This dog literally stole my name lol. Honestly it fits the dog better than it fits me
Aww
does he have a plan?
Dutch is smiling contentedly and looks like he loves Dad X
Intelligent face too
Saw this picture, told my husband Hey this guy really looks like Arnold Schwarzenegger... looked at the name and said oh my God it is Arnold Schwarzenegger! Oh and  the dogo is Beautiful too 😍 😁
I thought you were Arnold Schawzinegger
Damn, he’s old.
But does he have a plan
I'm starting to realize that time-traveling attack dogs were a wasted opportunity for skynet.
What if there is a dog called Dillon?

Dillon, you son of a bark!
Let the Predator jokes begin!!!! Dutch!!!! You son....of...a bitch!!!
Thats a handsome boi. And the dog is cute.
Guy Looks arnold schwarzenegger
Hey dutch I’m English!
Looks like dad a little:)
he looks so happy! i hope you have lots of fun with him/her!
Your’e in for some nice memories with that dog
I would love to talk to Arnold Schwarzenegger
 

He looks really cool! Though I have some questions

1. Does he have a plan?
2. Does he like mangoes?
3. Does he have some kind of weird hatred towards any dogs called “Angelo” or something like that?
4. Does he like tropical islands?
5. Has he ever met an albino stallion?

And 6. Does he always have a sudden need for money?

Btw, keep him away from snowy cliffs, just saying
Does he want to escape to Tahiti by any chance?
Boop the snoot
I approve of this dog!
oh shit, arnold schwarzenegger
Hi Arnold, congratulations on top love Dutch btw
Arnold? Is that you? Daddy?
Such a happy boy! Fine looking dog you got there to!
I want to see a video of this dog with the zoomies.
Holy shit he's big. And only 10 months? I think I'll stick to cats, Governor
Damn good to see you, Dutch.
Dear mister Schwarzenegger, would you consider doing an AMA in context of The Game Changers and veganism?

Thanks for your work and this one is ***adorable***!
Does anyone have a dog named Dillon? Because I want them and Dutch here to meet so we can see the dog version of the “You son of a bitch!” Uber macho-handshake.
Highway to r/all
Aww, Dutch is adorable!

You should consider streaming on r/AnimalsOnReddit!
Heel be bark.
Is Dutch an Alaskan Malamute?  
e: My boy [Kodiak](https://imgur.com/a/a1vDceu)
I’m your number one fan!!!
gov pls esplain :) [https://www.reddit.com/r/OldSchoolCool/comments/hzbnws/my\_mom\_and\_arnold\_on\_a\_date\_in\_the\_70s/?sort=new](https://www.reddit.com/r/OldSchoolCool/comments/hzbnws/my_mom_and_arnold_on_a_date_in_the_70s/?sort=new)
Sup Dutch!

I've never had a dog. Always cats, fish, other critters but I've never really lived in a place I felt would be appropriate for a dog. They need lots of room.
Aweeee so cute!! You both look so happy!
Heh. The title makes it sound like Dutch is being introduce to the newest member of his family: Arnold. I like it.
Who is this puppy and what does he chew?
Heeeeey. This dude guy looks like Arnold. Looks at username 😑.

Thanks for all the lifting inspiration
He's got some husky in him, but what else? Is he a rescue? Beautiful boy!!!
Dutch: Dylan! You son of a (*Intense Handshake*)
GET TO THE GROOMHA!
arnold are you trynna break our boy u/ReallyRickAstley s post record now?

never gonna give him up
Was gonna tell you you looked a lot like Arnorld. Then I saw the username. Looks like a great dog dude
Wait a second... you're Arnold Schwarzenegger!
I am Dutch, honoured to see this! Keep on rocking Arnold !
Im Dutch and im flattered
You son of a bitch
Dutch is a nice name. I'll still call him Max.
Smileyboi
I just love that face! 😍
“Aww yis, that’s the spot Arn!”
get to  the choppa with him !
What a godlike human being. Lovely dog too!
Ha! I named my son Dutch. If we have another my wife's set on naming him Conan
*Hey Arnie, what's wrong with Wolfie?*
THIS IS SO PRECIOUS
Adorable.
Dog's got great taste for choosing such a fitting name for his newly adopted human.
Both in the photo are adorable.
Damn he looks happy! And the dog too!
What a cutie pie!
#GIDDHOWNN!
When he eats does he say: Get to the Chompers!  ?
What a cutie!
Looked at the dog a really long time before I realized Arnold was in the picture lmao
Beautiful!
You son of a bitch......
AWWWW!   I really did go "AWWWW" when I saw this.
omfg so cute!
Let of some steam Bennet
Need this good boy to roll in the mud, head to tail, and hide against a tree
I love that you named the dog after a character you played.
That smile makes me happy! :)

Thank you for sharing!!!
Congrats Sir!

I'm getting a dog for my kids soon.  And thanks for being an awesome guy!
I am very partial to GDSs, my first dog was a purebred but after seeing all the issues he had I decided to get a mix. My girl now is half German Shepherd "half" wolf. Do you have a preference of gender and is there training you always work on first? My first order of business is to get them to do their business outside 😂
Hi
Dutch: Ah’ll be Bark-ing.
Looks almost like a Shiba shepherd cross. Beautiful dog
What a handsome dog!
Which character from Arnie`s movies was also called dutch?
I was just thinking: "This guy looks like Arnold Schwarzenegger!"
Adorable, i have a 4-5 year old Rottweiler/Lab mix that has 50 pounds on my English Springer Spaniel but he knows the little spaniel is in charge.  The Springer once saved him from a Jack Russel that attached him.
Some damn fool accused him of being the best...boy.
That is a good boy
What language does he speak to the dog in? German or English
Does this make you his Carl Weathers? Beautiful dog!
But will you be sharing your meals with him at your kitchen table?
What's neat is that a dog doesn't know you're famous, he just loves you because he loves you.
Awwwwe!! Hi Dutch!!!
He looks so happy! You’re definitely a great owner of pets :)
This is so adorable! I'm sure that Dutch will grow confidence. My husband and I adopted a very timid cat and over the months she has become more and more sure of herself. Animals just need reassurance, and it's obvious from the photo that he loves you very much.
Is that who I think it is or is it just me
Don’t pass him to the left hand side
He looks so happy! Adopted dogs always know just how lucky they are. ❤️
I love this, what a beautiful dog
That dog is fully aware of who adopted him.  He looks like he's a huge fan.
Yaaaaaaaasss
Awwwww!
You son of a bitch
Dunno - his face fur matches yours MIGHTY closely.  Give that puppy a blue shirt and ya'll could be.... TWINS. 

(i crack myself up)
Congrats on the newest addition to your family Arnold! I'd love to know if you've noticed any unique personality traits so far that make him stand out from your other furry family members? :)
Can you get another dog and name him Dillon and then have them do the manliest paw shake of all time?
That's a beauty! And the dog ain't half bad either!
Looks happy to be part of the family!!
That's nice grass
Thank you for putting a smile on my face! Love your new baby!
"DUTCH, GET TO THE CHOPPA!"
I believe he is from Austria.
He looks like a Terminator
Ok, I know some famous people use reddit but I dont believe that Arnold Schwarzenegger uses reddit.
Cute predator
Daw, do you have a dog named Stogie? hehe
Someone tell me what breed is it
you're telling me man my roommates puppy finally stopped whining in his crate after an hour just now, and I knew I couldn't go out there to comfort him because he'd just keep whining to get me to come out again

puppies are fucking weird sometimes but worth
I named my Basenji 'Dutch' because of your movie Predator. ;)
Beautiful looking pupper.
This Is the most wholesome thing i've seen today
This a dog that looks like he can take on an 7ft Alien humanoid and win!
How many dogs did you have before this?
Nice human
OMG ITS THE TERMINATOR!!!
My cockatoo is named Dutch! Cute doggo Arnold :D
Awww
Congratz! You can look forward to lots of joy, love and affection! To get a dog is one of life’s unique and underestimated ways to happines for  the dog and for your family. I wish you and him a long and Happy life with lots of treats :-)
Nice Predator reference
Terminator with Dutch would’ve been more badass that John Wick and his dog.
All he needs is to roll around in some mud to complete the look
I wish I could meet that doggo
Looks like Dutch has been pushing too many pencils!
This is the America I wanted to be a part of
Sow who's  the dog then.
The CIA definitely has that guy pushing too many pencils
Handsome pup!
That guy looks just like Arnold
TIL that the fucking Terminator has a reddit account
Get yourself someone that looks at you the way Arnold Schwarzenegger looks at his dog.
My partners sister has a big silly retriever named Dutch, after your character in Predator! 

Maybe they could be friends 😊
He'll be great with you. Maybe someday he will become the president of a state
Best name!
I just lost my dog yesterday. Thank you for sharing this and making my day better.
He’s huge! Looks so happy!
Aww 😊
I’m sure your dog loves him ;)
JUST ONE LAST SCORE ARTHUR!
this dog made me happy
Good Dutch get lots of pets
Omg Arnold? The real Arnold?
I just saw the pic of you on a date with someone’s mom
Does he say blaf instead of bark? Of not he has to work on his Dutch :)
Aww he’s too cute! Thanks for sharing him with us.
The man or the dog
I'm proud to also be Dutch now!
Awesome dog :)
He looks like a very happy guy.

The dog, too.
Didn’t know the Governator was a Redditor!
Will you be back?
You'll work it out, Dutch, you always do
Did you name him Dutch after one of your characters? Have you ever named other dogs after parts you have played? Like  a bulldog name Conan?
Arnold played Dutch in Predator...
'Yeah, Arnold named he's dog after our country, yeah, i know, its crazy!'
Cool pic and all... But does he lift?
Arnold has a reddit account?
Kannst du eigentlich noch in Deutsch schreiben? :D
It’s him!
Name of my old dog
Dutch! You son of a bitch!
Beautiful Boy!
The terminator is a reddit user.
Such a cute boy!
I'm so sorry I was looking for like 20 seconds thinking man, that guy looks just like Arnold... then went, ohhh.
What an amazingly awesome dog - he is going to have some great adventures with you.
Hey Arnold,

I don’t know if you see this but you’ve been my idol ever since I started working out and going to the gym I constantly listen to your motivational speeches and I really look up to you. You are amazing. you were the greatest Bodybuilder of all time! I have to say thank you for being such a great human being and for inspiring me to always put in 120% of effort while I‘m training!

Thank you Sir!
Wasn't that your name in predator?
This guy looks like he has a plan
He looks like a very good boy! I bet you’ll be keeping him pretty active
Oh my god I’m a dog!

Why didn’t I just become American...
Das one happy pupper
What a great photo, you can just tell that both of you are as happy as can be!
Get to the chompa!!
Teach him to shake and recreate the "Dillon, you son of a bitch" pose
Dutch : Arnie! You son of a bitch!
[They arm wrestle in mid-air during a handshake]

In all seriousness awesome pup!! Couldn’t have ended up at a better home!
He looks so happy!  Look at that smile!

The dog looks happy too!
Arnold, I have a plan!
I'm guessing his name came to mind as a result of your recent VO work? (Which is a great addition btw).
Aww that smile! So precious!
Awww.
C’mon, Dutch
Dutch! You son of a bitch!
Yay Arnie!! Looking good!
I can already see him getting to the choppah!
That Dutch would whoop the predator.
You are an amazing person and actor! Thank you for inspiring people across the world!
He’s bigger than you!
Cool to see Arnie being a regular bro, with his cool doggo
Very cute pupperino!
Arnold is probably my favorite celebrity. He is as unproblematic as they come.
I was going to say this man looks very much like Arnold then i looked at the OP username
[Is Dutch's name also Margha?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D1YvsptU5jc)
Dillon, then you could of called him a SOB!!
I must say you look like that actor from The Terminator...
Came here to say nice dog then I realized it was arnie haha
This is crazy. I just watched true lies for the first time last night. And now here he is again.
Is that Arnold Schw... oh yes it is him!
Aww, you rescued!! That's wonderful! Congrats on your new fuzzy family member.
what a big dogicko
HOL UP IS THAT THE REAL ARNOLD SWHINZINGER
Anyone else read his post in there head with a Arnold accent lol
TIL that Arnold Schwarzenegger has a Reddit account.
Do you remember the time you killed that guy writing books for children?
10/10
Ah!  Still a Republican, I'm thinking?
When he jumps do you call him the flying Dutchman?
Is that Schwarzenegger?

*checks OP*

Oh, I guess it is.
Nice! I’ve been wanting to get a dog. Im single, and I think it would help me a lot with the loneliness during this pandemic.
WUT
Hello Dutch
now that's a good boy
Does he have a plan?
Happy early birthday, Governor!

Dutch looks very energetic. I hope your ponies can keep up!
Please tell me you guys met by giving each other an overt show of strength in the form of a bicep'ed greeting.
I know that's going to be a spoiled pup. Forget beware of dog, it's beware of owner, haha.
Next you should get a pet pig! They such cuties! I’m a huge fan of pigs. And your new dog looks soooo cute! You should definitely get more pets.
Whole lot of awesomeness MrGov.
Just curious out of silliness......... did you ever think of calling your biceps by names? Would be funny
Van der linde
This dog also had a baby with the housekeeper
He looks kind of old
Are you Arnold Schwartzenegger?
Congratulations! I'll look forward to seeing more of Dutch!
Such a happy dude! The dogs cute too!
Dutch? Like the character from Predator?!
Ok
