This photo just radiates warm and fuzzy feels. I saw in the comments he was adopted (hopefully his friend got to go with him)! Yay!!
I adopted a shelter dog. He was found walking on the side of the road all matted and covered in mud. They think he was a puppy mill regect. Had a other dog at the time that was kind of standoffish because she was spoiled. Honestly that little shelter dog was so happy and appreciative.. he was extremely affectionate and just happy all the time. He would freak out when I got home from work, I miss him a lot
[Sisu and his unicorn](https://i.redd.it/lcqf8ynyeop61.jpg)
Someone better adopt this good boy!
Damn Sisu has some serious [sisu](https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.urbandictionary.com/define.php%3fterm=sisu&amp=true) for not giving up after the first 4 attempts
Did you name him or did he come with that name? Either way someone Finnish had something to do with that name.
When I adopted my husky, she came with one of those long wiener dog plush toys. It has been with her for her entire (adopted) life. Sometimes we stitch it up and give it a wash. 

When we break out the stitch kit and patch it up our dog sits right in front of us energetically curious, watching every stitch of thread. When we throw it in the washer she sits in front of the window in the door watching it go round and round. She doesn’t leave until it comes out of the dryer. 

Sometimes when we go to bed she will trot down the hallway with us, and as if she just remembered, run back and grab her toy to sleep with. She sets it down so her feet are under it and then lays her head on it like it’s a pillow. 

After 9 years, it’s pretty worse for wear. I worry about if we ever lose the thing. I don’t see the exact one sold in stores anymore. It’s just a regular light brown wiener dog plushy toy. And the only ones they sell now are purple/pink/green etc.

Thankfully she has also seemingly taken to a plush hedgehog toy we appropriately named “hedgy”, but it’s clearly #2 in the rotation. Wiener dog toy above all.
I used to work at my local SPCA, and we had a sweet Doberman who fell in love with a octopus plushie. She carried it everywhere, even on walks. She was adopted quickly, and she went home with that plushie. I hope they’re both doing great.
Wait, did they put it back on the shelves after the first 4 times he stole it? How many times does a stray animal need to put a product in his mouth before Dollar General decides it's no longer fit for sale?
Sisu- A Finnish saying for heartiness and determination of spirit. Sounds very fitting.
Our rescue had been brought back to foster family for aggression issues. We were allowed to adopt him because our previous dog was also a rescue Alaskan Malamute. With training and grooming, not only did people stop their cars to tell us how beautiful he was, about 50 neighbors    
told us they too missed petting him on our walks, when he passed at 13. We were last chance adopters. It has been almost 6 months and i miss him every day.
Sisu means courage in finnish. Kinda a good name for a dog that tried to steal 5 times lol
This implies that they took a toy which had been slobbered on by a dog and repeatedly returned it to the store shelves?
I am thinking buddie movie
I wish I could adopt that baby and take him home
It's all rainbows and unicorns until the former gets disemboweled. Source: my dog's previous bestie.
Aww Sisu is strong and determined.  A true Finn!
This is me in dog form
Real story - [https://www.cnn.com/2021/03/27/us/dog-steals-purple-unicorn-gets-adopted-trnd/index.html](https://www.cnn.com/2021/03/27/us/dog-steals-purple-unicorn-gets-adopted-trnd/index.html)
Sweet homeless Sisu,

Freed her pink unicorn friend,

And the cop was cool.


Sisu haiku
That is the perfect name for that dog, he obviously has lots of sisu!
On SISU; Finnish essence:

“It stands for the philosophy that what must be done will be done, regardless of cost...In short, it’s the indomitable will that sets Finns apart and explains many of the incredible things they do.” 

https://www.finlandia.edu/about/our-finnish-heritage/ 

Case in point: [the Winter War](https://warontherocks.com/2016/07/lessons-from-the-winter-war-frozen-grit-and-finlands-fabian-defense/)
He just wanted something / someone to cuddle.
"I may be a stray, but this purple dinosaur is on my Maslow chart for the List of Needs you see..."
Sisu in Tongan means Jesus
I suspect a little girl was in his house before he became homeless.
Aww, so glad he finally got his baby. Dogs form attachment to things just like humans. My dog has been sleeping with his Pie since he was a puppy. The pig has seen some rough times and I have had to hand sew it several times, since his sister seems to be quite jealous of it,and will try to tear it apart. It has lasted four years and is his constant companion.
How dare that dollar general deny the dog of the toy!
Sisu?? I know where that dog was found. LOL
Source: https://people.com/pets/dog-stealing-unicorn-toy-from-dollar-general-store-rescued-north-carolina/?amp=true
But if he was a human, he’d be labeled insane and would most likely be from Florida
When I read this story yesterday it did not include this amazing photo - kudos to whoever took it! He is radiating happiness!!!
[deleted]
I believe he has also been adopted ☺️
I wish I could be as happy as that dog
This was a headline on Apple News and I appreciate it very much. And that officer rocks. I too covet the stuffed unicorns that have become delightfully ubiquitous. I always resisted until today when I was shopping at Randalls. He is blue with holographic horn and ears and wings(!) and his name is [Martin](https://i.imgur.com/mhmiVZ0.jpg)

So...I feel ya, Sisu. I feel ya.
That officer is exactly the kind of person you want working in animal control. What a lovely human.
This made my heart beat happier
His face is like, look at my beautiful girlfriend. She is stunning, bet you wish you had game like mine!
What kind of breed is she? She looks a LOT like my dog! Mine is a pittie mixed with Rhodesian ridgeback!
Please tell me Sisu has been adopted? 🥺
[deleted]
Sisu got locked up for shoplifting and regrets *none* of it.
The finnish word for "courage." Nice.
He “broke in”?  Really??  This dog did not break into a dollar general.  That’s just silly.
Ihana!
Who doesn’t want a purple unicorn 🦄
 I would have got it for him too. He has good taste.
Good to hear a family adopted the dog AND the unicorn.
Just an FYI, this was originally posted by @weratedogs on Twitter/Instagram. I highly recommend following!
Real life Pixar short
Do what you must, ive already won. 

Woof
I feel like we need a source in this but I hope it’s true and I hope someone has adopted this dog
Great story and even greater name! He most definitely has sisu!
I saw this on YouTube today.  So cute! 😁
She's already been adopted btw
Has Sisu been adopted?   Please say yes.
Someone go adopt this precious beastie and his unicorn friend!
His eyes are so hopefully and happy !! Just wanted his purple unicorn
My dad showed me this news headline this morning!  So cute
Nice to see my town on the front page for a good reason.
I’m so glad someone bought him the toy
Sisu is a brony. U got a problem with that???
I sincerely hope that you and u/djcamera just happened to post this 2 hrs apart from each other.
Everyone liked that
He looks so happy!!! 😭😭😭
What a cutie! And “Sisu” means something like “strength” in Finnish :) It’s a very important word to us!
The first stuffed animal activist.
Nice and fuzzy story, but man, I doubt we'll be rewarding the perp if it was a person lol.
Repeated offender
Persistence wins
Saw an article about this on a news app, its such an adorable story that gives me all the feels..
I want him
Im gonna need a follow up at his new home
This seems like something that would get a trophy on a video game lol 

Sisu has unlocked the "I Found My Unicorn" achievement
The sheer determination on that guy is worth a medal.
Story doesn't mention how much it cost. Can we get some closure on this?
Awwwwwwwwwweweeeeee

He seems so loveable!
Dog and unicorn were adopted together 🥰
Where is this dog so I can adopt him?
lol 'be cute, do crimes'
My new favorite power couple.
Why the name sisu?
Dedicated to the [good boy and his unicorn.](https://youtu.be/2ifFUUctnec). Buddies for life.
This kind of reminds me of my dog. She is currently 11 years old but still very happy and active. Recently started getting some arthritis in back and knees but on some medication to help. A neighbor brought over a stuffed penguin and she loved that more then anything. She would trot around the house showing it off and do what we call the bucking bronco. That's when she spun is circles and shaking it back and forth a lot. Sometimes does it a bit to hard and gives herself whiplash. But when the penguin got too ripped apart and was putting the stuffing every where we threw it away and got a fish that looks like Dory from finding Nemo. She would do the same thing and still loves it. Also we got her a dragon and what she likes about all the toys is that they have little extremities that she can hold on to and rip off. Love her and her still young personality.
he wanted a friend 😓😓
I will probably never get over this picture. It’s just gonna stick with me always
Free the unicorns
Is no one else wondering how/why he could take the unicorn that many times? Like, if he stole it 5 times, or even picked it up... Did they just put it back on the shelf for him to steal again? Did he steal a different stuffed animal that just looked the same?
so they got it back 4 times and just put it back on the shelf?
This is so sweet that i almost forgott my depression
“ITS SO FLUFFY!!!!”
That officer received a definite free pass into Heavens.
David Purdue missed this golden political opportunity to appear human.
Boycott that one specific Dollar General that didn't help this poor dog and in fact took the toy back from him several times; and then called an animal control officer to get him.
I'm not crying you are!
As wholesome as it gets
why the fuck are people hating on pitbulls? I have met hundreds of pitbulls and not one was agressive.
I fucking love dogs.
That unicorn is more pink than purple, jusayin
Please tell me where this is? I have been searching for my puppy twister and he is his twin if it’s not him 😭
Who is the bitch that took it away from him four times?
Please tell me this adorable doggo has a forever home now!
And now he’s on his way to his forever home. He’s been adopted!
I like it when I see the whole story, so [here it is.](https://www.cnn.com/2021/03/27/us/dog-steals-purple-unicorn-gets-adopted-trnd/index.html)
The very definition of sisu, good ole Yooper spirit.
That dog needed that purple unicorn. Who are we to argue?
I understand shoplifting but how did he manage to break into the store?
Give him the purple unicorn, you mo-....oh, oh good.  Aww.
Anybody that’s ever been around a dog and a stuffed animal knows what happened after this picture was taken.

   It was ripped to shreds and decimated. That’s what happened.
For those interested. Sisu and his unicorn have been adopted 💜
My 17 year old chiweenie passed away last year. I have her favorite toy in the top drawer of my dresser. It’s a baby penguin back when March of the Penguins was released in 2005. It’s a well worn, mangled, little toy but I can’t throw it away. It reminds me of her every time I open the drawer. I’m sure if anyone else saw it they would wonder what the heck?
r/aww or as I like to call it these days

r/pitbull
Huge props to the animal control officer that bought the unicorn.  I believe her name is Samantha Lane and I would love to send her the money she spent on that unicorn. This story makes me so damn happy
I love dogs
How did he break on to a dolller general ?
This story should be in all the papers! Front page news in my opinion. You want to unite the world? Tel them this story!
Ugh this is too cute, it kills me. I wish I could rescue all the dogs and give them purple unicorns.
I couldn't help but taking in this dog immediately, or any dog or cat, that came into my store.  They'd be forever friends then.
r/thathappened
This seems like the most made up title I've ever seen. Would love to be proven wrong tho
I swear he is posing with it, just smiling his best smile. I love this picture .
Plot twist: dog used to be a drug sniffer and the unicorn is full of drugs probably ecstasy.
Look at that smile. So proud. That's a good dog
Eu escuto Sisu e já me bate um desespero
THIS. This is what I live for.
Aww. What a cutie. I hope he and his unicorn finds a good home.
I'm really happy he got his unicorn. He looks so happy here. Now I am going to go give my dogs some attention.
Where's a free wholesome award to give away when I need one.
Don't forget the animal control officer adopted the pupper.
Seems like some asshole just abandoned this dog. He seems to well behaved. Plus they said they think he kept going for the purple toy cause he probably had something similar when he had a home😿. I’m glad someone better has him now
JUST LET HIM HAVE THIS ONE THING 😭😭😭
Bless that goshdarn officer
Stray dog? I’d adopt buddy on sight.
Love is love?
what goddamned monster took the unicorn away from sisu four times?
Doggo doesn't know what money is but he seems ready to trade love for that unicorn. How damn sweet.
What a sweet muffin!!!
This is a repost (I'm not against reposts if they credit the op) the og post was in r/mademesmile
Awe what a sweet boy he just wanted that unicorn so bad!!!
[deleted]
What monster stopped this dog from taking that $3 unicorn?? 😭
That is a great photo!
I saw him on the new tonight!
He's a good boy
This the cutest shit I’ve ever seen
I'll take the dog
Of this is the bare minimum of what shelter dogs want then god give them everything.
Handsome fella
What a beautiful photo and doggy. 😭
How could you not buy the unicorn for this sweetheart!
Awwww that’s cute af
Saving this photo for the warm fuzzies. Can’t wait to adopt a cute shelter pup like this one day!!
I heard today that he was adopted. He’s the goodest boi!!!!
This is so damn cute
That is damn near the happiest photo I've seen all year.
Cuteness overload. Dog deserves a warm home not a shelter. Sweet doggo
This is the most beautiful photo ever!
[deleted]
Aww Reddit and it’s lies.
Looks exactly like my boy!
Congrats Sisu!
Can you physically hurt from adorableness? 😭
This is true love.
Has he been adopted yet?
And then he euthanized him
Pit bulls should be eradicated. Vicious, dangerous predators.
Look at the beautiful smile this kid has love you kid😘😁❤️
Pitbulls are the sweetest dogs ever. Everyone needs to remember that dogs are reflections of their owners. My pitts are super lovey dovey because I always shower them with love. And most importantly dogs are our best buds, they really just want to be loved.
I pray this beautiful baby finds a home for them both.
[removed]
protect sisu at all costs
r/wholesomememes
That's the face I wanna see on the good boy.
Ugh sweet baby
Please tell me someone will adopt this dog
Finland Approves with the name...
I’m not crying, you’re crying!! 🥺
Sisu in Finnish is to have strength and perseverance
I want to cry ❤️✨✨
He broke in not to steal food, but a purple unicorn?  Poor sweetie needs a home ASAP! =(

Thank you to the officer who bought him the unicorn!
Sisu is a Finnish word/concept that roughly translates to determination/perseverance - such a fitting name for this dog!
idk if this is where they got the name, but fun fact: “sisu” is Finnish for “strength” or “guts (as in bravery)”
This doesn’t make sense. Movies have trained me to believe animal control officers are puppy kickers.
I love this
IT'S SO FLUFFY I'M GOING TO DIE!
And they called it...Puppy Lovvve
How many times did he steal it? Why didn't the manager just let him keep it since they won't be able to sell since it has been in a dogs mouth.
Such a sweet and romantic dog who fell in love with this puppet and was willing to risk it all for her 💖😍
Omg look at that sweet, happy and content grin
Sisu is a Finish word with no direct English equivalent that means something like internal strength against overwhelming odds.
Maybe its because ITS SO FLUFFY HE'S GONNA DIE
Dogs cant steal, they have no concept of ownership
Awww such a cute couple XD they were meant to be!
Hims WUVS it
AWWWWWW
Sisu is Finnish for having guts. He’s pretty gutsy for getting what’s he wanted.
Sisu means grit in Finnish.The kind of grit that keeps ten army ten times your own in its place. Seems legit.
Came here to say that Sisu means "persistence" in Finnish, it's quite a fitting name for this dog.
What wacko employee would rat out a dog?
It's so fluffy!
That is so nice of the officer! No offence but for some reason I find officers really scary...
Sisu was adopted, check out We Rate Dogs on BookFace
I've never seen a happier dog.

Whoever keeps downvoting this is a heartless monster. Who hates happy dogs?
That’s the best smile

Edit: Wh-why am I being downvoted?!
[deleted]
I start to cry when I imagine why this pupper wanted that purple unicorn. This pupper once had a happy life with a family that had a little girl. That little girl had a purple unicorn and the pupper and the little girl and the unicorn were inseparable. That is until a tornado or hurricane or something came along, killed the family and left the dog homeless.
great name
Jeez - Dollar General was too stingy, too cheap, too uncaring to just give this adorable, lovable pup her favorite purple unicorn??! What do you have to say for yourself Dollar General?? Oh right. Top 1%, never had a town hall; only took meetings with large donors; covid-denying, yet engaged in insider trading based on Senate Intel about coronavirus; worst record of attendance in the US Senate; millionaire who vetos raising the minimum wage, former **GA Senator David Perdue was the CEO of Dollar General.**



Now it makes sense.
Soooo you called animal control on the dog, really?
Fuck dollar general he shouldn't have had to try 5 times!!!! Imbeciles
Credit to @weratedogs who originally posted this!! They’re awesome and are on both Twitter and Instagram, rating submissions of dogs they get sent (all dogs are rated more than 10/10, because they are all beyond perfect of course)
This is everywhere eye bleach and now this
r/plushophilia
i would like to see 100K upboats on this pls
[This](https://www.reddit.com/r/Eyebleach/comments/memqcw/sisu_got_adopted_this_street_dog_kept_stealing/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf) was posted on r/eyebleach by u/djcamera 2 hrs. prior to this post. Unless OP uses different accounts to post on 2 different subreddits, this is repost
Although i could be wrong so pls reply u/djcamera if this was posted by you or someone reposted this
Relatable
He looked like he found his bff.
I don't know why but I thought the pup was in jail for stealing it
How does a dog breaks into a retail store?
that is one cute tale and hope this dog gotten a nice family
This dog has been adopted and still snuggles with his unicorn plushie <3
Did the officer adopt the dog?
Oh Sisu love magical creature like unicorn!
D’awww dammit here have my upvote
Awwww
I feel like we need a source in this but I hope it’s true and I hope someone has adopted this dog
This is the best picture I've seen all day and will probably remain on top of that list today.
I wish I had the camera footage of him trying to steal it :(
This is lovely lol
I’m going to go see if I can steal me a PS5 a couple times...
How do you know his name if hes a stray dog? Looks more like a Tito to me.
I love this post
i absolutely loved this story and im glad he got adopted
I love you, Sisu.
Its really weird that I saw this post just as I'm discussing kids TV with my wife, and the question of whether of not Rainbow has been made CGI yet came up.
All these amazing and beautiful stories in the comments section.. I'm balling my eyes out here.. Shouldn't have opened Reddit up at work.
I know this is supposed to be a feel-good story, but - the dog is in a cage at an animal shelter.   This sounds like it could have a real bad ending.
Thank fuck
Maybe ill train her to grab a few beers too
I hope she gets adopted soon! With the unicorn of course.
That was great, the dog must have really liked and wanted the unicorn 🦄
We adopted our best good boy almost 10 years ago...I can’t imagine “buying” from a breeder especially now.  My boy has my heart!
Any idea what the shelter is so she can get adopted?
Happy puppy happy photo I love dogs
https://vm.tiktok.com/ZMeUvrVx3/
Baloney
Love this story! Sisu, Needs a good home with live and toys! This is btw very unusual animal behaviour. Sisu must've had treasures in the past. So sad. MarLa M Kepler Spokane Valley, WA
Too sweet,made my heart 😊 smile ! So glad he & his unicorn were adopted!
When pets do this, it is cute and lovable...
When we do this, it is theft...
I love this kindness.  I would adopt Sisu in a minute!
They just made my name up.  Anyways heartwarming
(๑•ᴗ•๑)♡ so cute
And he’s serving 4 years for it
Still a better love story than "Twilight"
Well since it’s nighttime, I can cry my eyes out!
Spoiler alert, the unicorn contains cocaine.
Nice!
We love you Sisu 🥰
This is the cutest!! I love it!
What kind of dog is this?
No freaking way 😭😭😭😭
Cutest lil klepto.
Like Raya and the Last Dragon?
Sisu has great Sisu!! 🇫🇮
My little homie
Super
Now that pup has a companion for life, beautiful.
He found the love of his life!
This is too adorable.
Soooo adorable
I want him
That’s so cute!!!
Wow!!! I love it!!! What kind of purple unicorn is this
This is a beautiful photograph.
Sisu as in The Last Dragon??
I just watched Raya and the Last Dragon today and I had to do a double-take on the doggo’s name 🥺
MISSION: SUCCESS!!
They sell unicorn plushies like this at Dollar General for a dollar?! That's sounds like a really good deal. I'm getting some for my dog!
Is his name Captain Boomerang?
Can someone please in Dauphin County, NC. I adopt this dog? I live in Delaware but Jorge and I would adopt him and his unicorn in a heartbeat.

https://www.petango.com/Adopt/Dog-Retriever-46947322

https://i.imgur.com/724wyMa.jpg
He is from my area, I wish I could have a dog where I rent....and I didn't already have one
named after Sisu from The Poppy Wars?
hope he found his furever home too
💜
Dude knows how to pose for an adorable photo
I wanna take him home, what a precocious little scamp!
Please tell me someone adopted this dog.
Lovely
Stuffed are awesome... but, werethey adopted
Can we stay on the dog here? I mean, how was he able to break in 5 times, unless he kept scooting in the door with customers?
"oh it 'looks cool' huh, that's why you want it?"
This got to be the best post I’ve ever seen in Reddit! 💕
This is my favorite story ever! I LOVE THIS!
So, what happened with the first four times he stole it? Was the toy just out back on the shelf until it was stollen the fifth time?
WORTH
What a good boy
That is the look of "No Regrets" right there..
Oh my goodness. Too much cuteness 😍. Officer should have bought the whole dog!
Look cute. Might delete later
Oh I love this. Made me very happy
He'll get adopted real soon with unicorn with him
What a pretty puppy! ♥️♥️♥️
Awesome Officer!
That happy face 😍😍
That is adorable
This is the best feel good story everrrrr
Imagine they arrested the dog and either put him in jail and fined him?

He'd be barking mad
What kind of monster calls animal control on a handsome good boy like this? Who would stop him?!?!
Why was he a stray? That's so sad.
Awww good thing he’s happy
I saw this on WeRateDogs earlier
Waifu is for laifu
Sisu vesimchu ❤
AWWWWWWWEEEEE!!! This is so freaking cute!! I hope this Dog now has a good home!
my heart 💜
Hello, Sisu.
Its so sad they had to lock Sisu up... But he is a repeat offender after all. 

His cell mate looks chill at least...
Kiltta koira
Beautiful girl / boy / other
DG Mgr should've just gave it to that sweet baby; I know I would've!! 🥰🥰🥰
Waifu? Or hes a furry in disguise!
I really wanna adopt this dog now
I've found my soulmate!
Why hasn’t sisu been adopted as yet
Damn, Sisu got sisu.
Vad söt hunden är. Vad underbart, gjort, att man, köpte, den enhörningen, till, gulle hunden ! 👍❤️😍🌹
He wanted a friend...
Awwwww look at how happy they are
made my day
He obviously wanted it. Look at his face !
Great name for the pup
Such a sweet, loving story. ❤
This happened near where I live.
Truly an aww
This is the complete opposite of twitter and most social media 😎😍😁
So happy for the dog hope it finds a nice home.
Sisu: the Finnish concept of determination


Sisu was aptly named!
Love it love
Omf cute
Wasn’t this posted with a different angle?
How do i get this dog?
I would do anything to adopt him. I have an addiction to buying cute stuffed animals for my pitty but he isn’t interested lol
Hope he/she gets adopted in no time or else i will:)
🤗🤗
honestly if a doggo is so obsessed with a specific toy like this and the toy costs a dollar, buy 5 of them. or 10. save you and the doggo some heartache down the road.
I have so many question about this. How did the dog know about the purple unicorn in the first place?  Also, how does a dog “break in” to a dollar general even one time?  Also, can I have this dog?
Awesome!
... That explains a lot
r/mademesmile
i hope to God this good boy/girl got adopted, and not just put down :(((
We seriously do not deserve dogs.
\*sighs*  sometimes, crime pays

:D
muchas gracias, very superb [this web site](https://petcare4all.com/dogs/eat-dogs/can-dog-eat-jello/)
🙃
I have t9 have this dog 😍🥰🥰🥰
Would be nice to make the pair game characters in a polkamon game with the same story line
See this is why i dont agree with pitbulls being illegal in the uk look how cute this guy looks
Oh Henlo pooops! Whoooos a good boy.
[deleted]
That’s awesome but I’m pretty sure that unicorn is stuffed with a kilo or more of cocaine!
Proof?
That dog is fucking that doll

Edit: Are people unaware of the concept of hump toys for dogs?
If you care at all about dogs you should be vegan
that dog is lucky he's not black
They still took him to jail!?
[removed]
I hate the dogs name; the rest is cute.
Stolen from r/eyebleach
Will they euthanise the  unicorn too?
disgusting
This is dog
Here’s a fake sob story 
Boom front page
[deleted]
I'm not an expert or anything but there is a decent chance there are drugs in that unicorn.
[deleted]
It's copy pasted from we rate dogs instagram / twitter profile...
Literally The dog has the same name as sisu from raya and the last dragon XD
The moral of the story: stealing is good!
Vbnkb
Bvjnbv
!isbot
Link to article or bullshit.
Police treat animals better than they treat humans, not surprising.
Is this true though ?
We should create a subreddit called r/JobPromo just for the animal control lad.
He’s so fluffy - Agnis
[so, which is the original?](https://www.reddit.com/r/Eyebleach/comments/memqcw/sisu_got_adopted_this_street_dog_kept_stealing/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf)
This is super a stray dog who broke into a dollar general 5times to steal this purple unicorn when animal control got there the officer bought it for him Maria ford
For anyone who wants to donate to the Duplin County Animal Shelter....

Today is National Unicorn Day! Will you donate to our new shelter fund in honor of Sisu and his purple unicorn? Sisu left such an impression on our community; we will be naming an adoption room after him! 

We want to give each animal that comes to our shelter the best opportunity to be rescued or adopted. We are raising funds for our new Duplin County Animal Care, Control, and Adoption Facility, which will break ground soon. The Sisu Adoption Room will help potential adopters meet and fall in love with their newest family member. 

Please help our project come to fruition with a one-time or monthly donation through our PayPal fundraiser. We can’t wait to show you the new facility, complete with the Sisu Adoption Room!

Please donate through our PayPal fundraiser here:
https://www.paypal.com/donate?token=XpZXg8ScoU3vWC16xPxmDU5riTEtP7Lt8f8yU-ynMcAmveAlXUITtnw7qAgzSln1UYdRkAiez3Ut4ka_
