The cat looks so relaxed but the final picture... he is totally dead inside
Get him his own
Luckily the baby will grow out of it and then cat gets it
That sad face in the 4th frame =(
[deleted]
Buy him one now
What's messed up is if you would have bought it specifically for the Cat it would have only been interested in the box. I have 4 cats... I bought each an identical toy mouse. Same brand, same color. They all fought over the same one ?!?! The F\*ck?
Also, those are supposedly terrible for children to use. 

They are fine for short periods, but not meant for longer sessions.
Still missing a 5th picture with the puss happily sitting in the box it came in.
To be clear, you're reposting this from a month ago right?  https://old.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/lruplj/a_short_story/ .  You're not the owner in any way?
This is amazing!
I have seen this too many times
Reposstttt
Well now you need to get him one.
Get him one please
There is nothing stop you from buying another one
That cat looks so sad in the last pic 😢
The dejection is palpable in that last panel.
[The saddest cat ever...](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PKffm2uI4dk)
Ah a repost of a picture that was on Reddit front page a month back.
1. Grasp child firmly

2. YEET THE CHILD
Buy him his own he deserves it as much as that baby
I would be sad too if my new toy is getting shit on...
Please buy him his own, that poor sad face!
Aww get him one too! Lol
noooo get him one please!!
Poor baby, get another one immediately!
Get him his own!
Throw away the baby, already!
Chuck out the baby. Nobody wants that anyway.
Give it back to him!
Sheer and utter disappointment upon learning it cannot be his
LMAO that last panel.... so sad... lol
Get that poor cat one right now
Get another one for him :<
I say you buy a new one
My dog does this with our kids' bean bag. She will just sit there and wait for them to get off. She likes the way they smell. If we buy her a bag she will still want the kids' bag cause of the smells and leftover sticky finger flavors left on it
My heart would force me to go and buy another one for him. 🤣
Looks like you know what to get the little guy for his bday. :)
The baby doesn't need it! Poor little catstard
And when I try to put my cat in the bed I specifically went out and bought for him, he acts like it's a tub of water 🤣
Time to order another one!
Re post
what are you, a monster? buy him another one!!
^(they betrayed me, they didn’t keep their promise, they tricked me and I don’t care anymore)
That's it, if you don't buy him his own right now then I'm going to.
Pretty sure this is a repost.
It’s obvious you are not cat people. Of the op had gone out and bought another one of these things, specifically for the cat, cat would proceed to find all the joy in life in the box the thing came in.
Petition to send this baby a new one so the cat can have his seat back.
nahh give it back
To be fair these are really bad for babies hip development so you should pass it on to the cat 🤣🤣
Buy one just for him already!
You give that back to kitty right meow!
Buy him one right now!
GIVE IT TO HIM
I hope you saved the box for him.
Those things got recalled be careful with the baby
You can consider getting him his own...then they can be twins!!
First pic: * excited eyes * this new thing looks cool I will have it thanks.

Second pic: I'm not sure this is the right way but I shall find a way

Third pic: this is the way

Fourth pic: I have found my Nemesis.
Sad little kitty in the last photo.
He looks so defeated in the last photo
Awwwwwwwwwwwwwwww
he looks so happy until the baby gets it then he is sad...
repost asshole
Wait 6 months and the cat can have it back.
Weird, I saw this a month ago
Not the original post, but everbody loved it
Another repost. Karma hunters?
He’s a cat. Everything is for him.
After the kid is all done figuring out how to use the toilet, you've got a great cat bed. It's not immediately obvious what it's for, so it just looks like abstract Ikea decor.

BTW, if your kid ever gets annoyed that you need help figuring out a new technology, there was a time where you taught them when they didn't know how to use a toilet.
Poor kitten
He's so sad.
The disappointment in the final pic is real!!
That last pic is a heartbreaker.
GET HIM ONE
Buy him his own! Then he'll be happy again.
Buy another one for him!!!
GET. THE. KITTY. A. CHAIR.
GET HIM ONE NOW
I hope you got a second one just for him
Pic 1: You guys!!!

Pic 2: I love it!

Pic 3: I'm so happy you remembered my birthday!!

Pic 4: Oh....
That last pic is r/watchcatsmeowinside
Well get him one, dammit!
And get this cat a chair
"He reposted it. But it wasnt his post"
Take more pics when the second one arrives, and I don't mean child.

Note that this is not a request.
BUY HIM ONE NOW!
That’s so nice that your cat let the baby sit in his new chair.
You get him another one right this minute!
Buy. Him. One. Now.
First 3 pic- man this thing is cool thanks hooman

Last pic- my life is not complete now
"If I fits; I sits. But not if he shits."
Not your picture
Both of ours loved their bumbos, but it's only a matter of weeks until they grow out of them.
GIVE IT TO HIM
Meh- the baby will outgrow it on what seems like 30 seconds. And then? THE CAT WILL TAKE BACK WHAT IS RIGHTFULLY HIS!!
I will gladly buy him his own
Don't worry kitty, baby will out grow that bad boy in a few months and it's all yours!
The purrrrfect seat warmer.
Please buy that cat one for himself
Maybe you can find one at a garage sale or thrift store for kitty.🐱
Well now you need to buy two
Buy the kitty one!
This is how sadness feels
Awww he looks so sad at the end💔
He is so sad the baby stole his throne 😂
Go get him one NOW
Get another for the chonk!!
Now just buy the second one for the cat!
A four-act tragedy
Hello darkness my old friend.........
The poor dejected look on the kitty's face, like his heart is broken now, it's very sad.
I fits...   
I sits...  
oh shits...
My cat also enjoys my sons bumbo. I have soo many photos of her in it!
Give him back. GIVE HIM BACK
I think I see the problem there, you took it out of the box.
Pain
Someone get this kitty a chair!
Where is this cat? I wanna but him that thing!!
r/yesyesyesno
Please tell me you at least kept the box for him
ℳ𝓎 𝒽ℯ𝒶𝓇𝓉
It looks like the alien ship from Alien/Prometheus 😄
You'll have to get a second one for the kitty now.
What colour one did you get him then ?
You need to order him his own.
happy cat became sadge :(
buy him one too 😭
The face of disappointment
I was going to suggest buying another one for him, but knowing cats he’ll ignore it just to spite you.
No :(
that's a very large bell pepper
The baby will outgrow it in two months and the cat can have it back.
Gotta impair that natural development!
buy another one
I demand you get another! 

Or get rid of the kid
The look of disappointment and betrayal in the last pic.
Buy him one please
Get the cat one
you buy a second one of those NOW
Well then...the only thing to do is buy another one!!
Aww poor kitty 😃😃. My dog loved my sons and was upset when he couldn’t sleep in it 🤣🤣
Should the owner buy 1 for him?
Buy him one. NOW.
I think you just have to buy him one
The look of sheer disappointment in his face in the last picture makes me want to buy him his own
🎶Hello darkness, my old friend I've come to talk with you again..🎶
Soon enough it won’t be for the baby either, kids grow fast. Just keep it for the kitty cat to reclaim once the kiddo’s too big
This is how my puppy felt when she figured out the bouncing vibrating chair wasn't for her...
[deleted]
"Its purrfect for me, but not mine?"
Fucking designer munchkin cats. So tired of seeing these
Oh please buy that baby a chair.
2nd pic
how old is this pic? these were recalled some time back and have safety straps on them now. so this pics gotta be at least 7 years old if not older.
Hahaha his face in the last pic says it all. Great photo series
So cute! Looks like Maru!
Just 5 seconds of [this](https://youtu.be/2oRqnmicW3g?t=521) playing in my head
Well, he would probably love that box just as much
That baby is just borrowing it from the cat. The cat will get far more use out of that seat in the long run.
That’s funny, my cat liked the Bumbo chair too
Awwww hahaha.
Adorable
Cat plotting revenge on that last picture.
Aww, that face though 😂.
Sad vibes
It'll be his in a year or so
Ahem, Meow... it is his, you know he will use it at all other times and when it no longer fits his captive.
I feel like this is a repost
The kitty gave it the ol' college try!
This is a sad tale indeed
I would buy another one for him
Mine, mine! MINE! DAMN IT!!!🐈🐈
Awww! Poor fur baby. He looks so sad.
This is so sad :(
Buy him one
This would make a good meme.
I feel sad:( for the cat
Lol himb pout
You get one for the kitty right now!
Time to go back to the store!
He wanted it 😿😿😿😿
Dawh, get him one!
So cute
Now you have to get him one
Too muchhh cuteneesssss
How many times do you wanna repost that? 
Reposters: yes
“How big is your cat?”

“Extra medium”
Alas!!!
Awww no that last pic...... 😞 Poor boo
So sad
aw
But he got the box, though. Right?.. Right??!!
Omg i love cats
poor guy
Our dog did the same thing! He’s such a cutie <3
Get something similar, but better suited to a cat!
That is the look of betrayal
The kitty looks way cuter in it hehe
My little brother had one of those Bumbo chairs as a baby and I thought it was lit, although I was 3 so I wasn’t allowed to use it.
Tell him to hold on. Our kids out grew the bumbo super fast
Awww he looks so sad 😭
Vad, söt och rolig, katten är ! 👍🌺❤️😆
Lol too adorable!
I'm sure kitty is displeased that there's a tiny human in his chair.
You’ve cat to be kitten me right meow - cat
Please tell me you bought him one.
You better go buy another!
r/watchcatsdieinside
My poor heart
Get him one to you monster
This is loss
AWWWWW
Scorned
You better get another one for him! Gosh!
Get a second one you monster.
Dejected cat in the end, I love it.
Get him his own! He’s sad!
Mom said it was my turn to repost.
Buy him his own!!!
This looks like a villain origin story
Seems to me like you have another one to buy
Buy him his own! 🥺😭
but another bro
Story of my life
Not sure if that is the Bumbo chair, would strongly recommend that the cat uses it and not the baby. I know of a baby that fell backwards and sustained brain injuries.
This makes me laugh every time. Especially the disgruntled face at the end.
My cat was obsessed with bumbo too lmao. I guess it's a universal cat thing to like baby chairs
His expression and body language in the last photo!!!!!!!!
I gotta quote a song here.

If I only could, make a deal with God, and get him to swap our places.
I hope they at least saved the box for the cat
Lol awwww, poor puddy-tat!
He looks so sad! :(
Your fail was in buying only one. You have two babies. 😉
Awwwahhh he looks so sad in the last one lol
Get him one too pls
It might not be for him but it smells like him now . So a giant FU to the new owner .
Obviously buy two.
So rude we must buy one for him
I didn't need my heart to be broken today :(
Fine, I'll just use it when baby is done.

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

dear lord, what is this smell?
Looks like you gotta buy two
That cat is rethinking his life choices. Hard!
Well, the baby will grow too big for this chair in a year, so this cute cat will soon have it all to itself.
Now you have to buy a new one for the baby, because this one is already the cat's chair/bed
"Is for me ?"
If that's a potty, you are going to have a smelly cat soon.
Where did you get a bunny with such short ears
Not yet.
Hand me downs?
It will be for him soon enough.
Rofl
Bumbos are terrible for babies hips and lower spine. It causes them to sit at an unnatural angle to balance their bodies...

I dont even know how they are still on the market. Just let your kid learn to sit naturally around 5-6 months.
aww how can you be so mean to kitty
He can have it soon they don't stay small very long before baby grows up so quickly at least it'll be a hand me down cat will use it longer then baby
Are you saying you didn’t buy a new one for the baby??
Game of Thrones
Buy him one 🥺
Is this loss?
Buy a second one
Get him one too!
It should be because they’re terrible for babies lol
ooohhh lol get him one asap
The 3rd panel (lower left) is quite suggestive...
Babies grow fast. It will soon be his again.
Cat.
Its not like the infant will need the chair for too long.  Kitty will inherit it back within a year.
Give him his chair back. That stupid fuckin kid doesn't need it.
Awwwwwwww poor kitty!
Soo disappointed
That little baby needs to sleep with one eye open 👀
It won't stop him from using it as a toilet later.
Get one for him now!!!! 😭😭😭
buy. him. one. NOW
The hell you say! Get that human spawn out of his chair.
The kid will grow out of it.  The cat won't.  He just has to bide his time and it will be all his.
Time to buy two!
I got my cat a nice bed, he will not use it. I leave a cardboard cereal box on the ground, he uses it constantly.
Get him one
I remember seeing this picture before?
How dare you, give it to him back!!!
need to get the cat one now.
You need to get one for the fur baby!
)
I would’ve ran to the store and bought another just for the kitty!
Cute
Now you need to get him one.
The beloved bumbo!!!
Hahaha
So sad at the end
Is there a gofundme for this poor cat
I hate cats but I I approve of these pictures
Give it back, the baby can find its own chair
Give it a year, he’ll reclaim his throne.
so this is where the meme comes from...
I would have to get 2.
Absolutely ridiculous!!
The defeat in his eyes. They will have to share or he gets his own and they can be twins.
Cats first then kids and that last frame pretty much sums up the constant disappointment of our English shorthair twins as the babies sucked up all their love.  Poor pets but they still live well.
Way to break my heart. Get that cat a bumbo!
That’s the face of disappointment if I ever saw one
My cat would have ignored the TOY and would have just sat in the BOX the rest of the day, probably even slept in it that night too. 😀  You just never know what's going thru their cute little minds. 🐯
Poor Kitty.😢
Haha
I know the feeling. These chairs are comfy AF but I'm an adult and those are for babies...
give him
The baby will grow out of that quickly and the kitty will get his new bed.
Lol!!!
Cat just has to wait a couple months is all
Oh Let him have it. Look at the poses he is doing for all of us
This one gets the sad "aww."
you should have bought another one. see how sad the cat is :(
now you HAVE to go get another one... don’t want any animosity amongst the children
You're a monster!  Can't you just throw a blanket on the floor for the small human?
Those chairs are terrible for a developing body... Please think twice before putting your infant in one
4th photo is so great. Cat is filled with emotion.
Do the right thing
Repost
The overlap between cat and toddler accessories is pretty significant.
You need one for each of your babies
You say that today, but in 2 months, he’s the only one that’s gonna fit. :) Enjoy the time and thanks for posting.
This made me sad
Why do cats always like to sleep in something I'd feel totally claustrophobic in?
Bro I posted this already
xD
BUY ANOTHER ONE
We don't care about your child give it to mister Cat here or ill uhh take him away
Buy that poor cat a potty chair!
Repost
I’m the Baby. Now I’m sad.
GIVE THAT BACK TO HIM RIGHT THIS SECOND, YA HEAR??!! 😤
The sadness in the final picture breaks my heart. “Ever since that lil bastard came along....”
So are you gonna buy one for the baby now?
I certainly hope you went out and got him his own! That face in the final pic!
That is a puss on that poor kitty! Poor thing is miserable!
Poor baby. Get him a second one!
Get another for him.
Aww.. I mean, how would you feel if someone would shit and piss in your new bed?
He’ll get it back in about six months
such disappoint
Oooh you hurt him 🥺 the chair is his now 😾
Oh my gosh! That kitty needs a bumbo!
Only one solution: buy another.
They only want what is not for them!!😂😂
A story in 4 pictures.
He will not be consoled.
Ohhhhh nooo that last pic.
Heart smashed
😆😀😚😒
The saddest story ever told
How you gonna do the cat like that.
“Can’t have shit in this house, not even my own poops, stupid hoomans”
PURRFECT title
He looks so betrayed
FYI, bumbo recalled this chair, big lug headed babies fall over. Not sure if unsafe for cats.yours looks particularly derp
The last picture: All around me are familiar faces..
while being immensly disappointed, a plot to get rid of the baby is in the making.
Aaaw poor little buddy!
Buy that cat their own damnit
Fluffy cheeks chiiiill.
The solution is to buy another chair
Ew it’s a yellow yellow is yuck 🤮
Well now i know the first thing im getting my cat once i adopt one.
Sry but u have to get another one
You threw away the box didnt you
REPOST
He'll get it back in 3-6 months!
The  buy the cat another one
I'd get a second one, and stow away the actually to-be-shit-in version in a drawer or something so that the cat doesn't make a mess on themselves...
You should probably just go get another one for the baby and let the cat have HIS back....lol😁
Buy another one.. please..
No, give it to him
RemindMe! tomorrow noon
Obviously you’re amazon driver forgot one. Complain immediately
Little did he know what it was used for 
Let’s explore this on this episode of the twilight zone
A legit "is for me?"
Give it back!! He's so sad 😭😂
When my nephew was a little guy I'd babysit him at my place and he'd be on my lap on hip none stop. My cats loved his baby carriage.
I looked on amazon but can’t find this.
GET HIM ONE OR WE WILL RAID YOUR HOUSE LIKE AREA 51 AND GIVE HIM ONE OUR SELVES
It can be in a few months :D
Noooooo!!! Give it back to the kitty!!
That poor kitty-kitty looks... defeated. 😞🐱
He looks crestfallen in the last picture...
Just buy him his own! Duh! You have to so I can consider you a good owner. You just broke his heart, make it up to the kitty dude!
You buy that sweet little fur baby one too!
Maybe he can have it back after the child grows out of it?
Typical if they fit they sit.
😔
Keep a close eye on that kid. I sense a  reckoning is coming
The cat seemed so sad maybe you could buy another one for him
Aww, get one more for kitty so all is good again ❤️
You got to get one for the kitty. He’s had a sad
Sad boy :(
Sad kitty is sad
Cute
This is like the older infants in the younger infants chair. I work with babies and this one toddler loved the baby chair cause she could still fit but she was like 1 haha just small
Gotta go shopping tomorrow ! One yellow baby chair for Ivy !!
This shit has been reposting so many times on this same sub
That last photo... AWWWWWWWWWW
well get him one
noooooooooo hes so sad in the final pic
So cute!
Get him his own, you monster!
GET HIM ONE NOW! I’ll even pay for it if I have to
Toilet for one's, bed for others
Get him one you bastard
cute 😊😍
Ive always wanted an adult size of those things.
9h ago…this is not their content but they got 87k+ upvotes and tons of awards
Look at how cute that fur baby is
You monster GET HIM ONE
When I was a baby my cat would just be like "fine baby, I sit on you then." and then I would be warm and scream when she got down even though she was slightly bigger than me. 

Much of my infancy was just me being separated from the cats in some way and then screaming about it. I still feel this way when I have to leave for work.
He loves it. Till now...
>But it was not for him

It is now...
Buy him one please—he looks like he's depressed now.
Poor baby...he needs one too
I’m sure he’ll get it back
get him one. now.
Awww that last pic
1. Dis mine?
2. Mine, right?
3. Dis so sweet. Thanks :)
4. Hello darkness my old friend :\*(
Gofundme to purchase one of those for the cat. Inquire below.
hahaha its for baby
Get him one. NOW.
Awe youll have to get him one
LOL how funny!!
“Oh...it was the smol hoomans litter box” :C
Cat in the last pic: \*Vietnam flashbacks\*
chuck the baby out and put the cat back in to restore peace
So Cute cat. Could you tell me her name.
You better buy him one
Omg please hug him, he looks so sad 😞
He tried the bumbo but realised it just wasn’t supporting his posture the way it should 😂😂
That cat's got real shit taste.
That's cute. He tried just about every position to fit in it. 😀
Cat is liquid
Am I the only one who thought it was a potty before reading the comments?
Buy another one for the cat...
Give that one to the cat. It's bad for your child's balance and core muscle development
I would buy another one just for him
Everyone saying to buy another one — yikes dat wasteful consumerism is a disease
It will be your cats soon enough...granted you all do not recieve another human to give the 'booster' to. Also, as one who had to argue with his daughter's mother about the issue, I am glad to see the little one sitting in it on the floor and not on top of a table.
The cat needs one for himself.  There is no getting around it.
Buy another
Get him one now.
Hahaha! Cats have a completely other opinion of what is for them! <3 <3 <3
It’ll be fine just give the kitty the box it came in, he’ll be happy 😊
He looks so depressed!!
the left up picture tho, cute
makes me happy and sad at the same time
Omg. You have a munchkin!
Tell me the got one for him too
Hahah stupid cat.
He probably thinks you're going to give him away and he's probably right
