was expecting a large tarantula
Awww! Ribbity rabbity roll, get the fuck out of our hole! 


-Rabbits everywhere.
That's cute and all... BUT WHY IN GODS NAME DID YOU PUT YOUR HAND DOWN A RANDOM HOLE???
Tina, do you just go around looking in random holes?
Unfortunately this post reminded me of Watership Down. Lasting trauma.
Ehhhhhhh, what’s up, doc?
Aw it’s Hazel and Fiver
[deleted]
[It's tiny!](https://xkcd.com/1871/)
Man, that’s cool, but I really thought it was going to be a burrowing spiders
Nice  buns
I sniffed and caught
A whiff of man.

He smelled kind
So out I ran. 

I hope to get
an orange snack. 

I’ll munch it up,
and scuttle back.
Hazel-Rah
Please never do this in Australia
These rabbits are going to be booted out of the colony because they won't stop telling stories about their alien encounter. "There was a bright light at the mouth of the cave.... then suddenly it flew straight up without a sound!"
You got a verbal “oh my GOD” from me. 10/10 cutest bunnies.
I have a hole like this in my spring garden. I haven't seen them but they keep eating my Crocus leaves down to nubs. I ain't even mad.
Hello new phone, who dis?
Thought it was a rat for a second! Glad it wasn't, they're adorable!
“Hon, there’s someone at the door, can you go get it?”

“Ugh alright let me put my pants on...
May I help you good sir?”
u/savevideo
My wife did this in a fox hole and she dropped her Galaxy S10 which slid down into the abyss. We bought a big magnet and put it on a big stick and went fishing down in the hole to no avail. Every day we pass by hoping it decided to tidy out its den but for now its the most technologically advanced fox in the area
One time I saw the head of a snake under some lumbar. I ran to my dad to tell him and when he went to see it all we saw was a tiny bunny hop out. It was so small I thought it was a snake head lol.
Oh my gosh! Hi little fluffers!!
Some Bunny Loves You...
lol
"I should have taken a left in Albuquerque"
u/savevideo
Thought it was a rat and was like “uh.. cuties??nah.” Realized it was a bunny and was like “AWWWW”. Lmao. Rodent profiling.
I can just picture instead of a phone it being a snake....
Am I the only guy who in a much less manly voice than I wish exclaim "bunnies!" when they appeared?
Nice
Awww
good post op
Phew, was expecting a giant spider to come charging out.
Probably really busy getting ready for Easter.
Ahh the real Easter bunny
You really went down the rabbit hole.
Hey doc, turn off the fucking light

Must be Hazel and Fiver
What a lil darling
baby buns awww
Cuties?!?  Have you never seen Monty Python’s Holy Grail?  Look at the teeth man!
HEYA GEORGIE
If Watership down taught me anything, it's that bunnies and rabbits are ass holes
Hello little bunnies! ♥♥♥
So cozy
THE EASTER BUNNIES! 🐰🐰
so you broke into their house
"Ehh, whatsup Doc?"
i love them.
Aaawwwwww, Peter Rabbit 🐰
That’s a cute bunny :3
Bugs bunny, great-grandchildren. 🤣🤣🤣
I first thought it was two giant rats, rats are cute sometimes.
Do not show Elmer Fudd
Cuteeeee
Baby bunnies are the cutest damn things in the world.
The Easter Bunny exists!
*caddy shack theme starts playing in my head*
Any QAnons down there?
Wascally wabbit!
awwwww
Homies' lookin for some carrot let him be
How are they so clean. I feel like if my house was made of dirt I’d have more dirt on me.
Buns
How did you not accidentally just take them?
What a curious and sweet little baby 🥰💕
*double checking what subreddit I'm on before clicking*
u/savevideo
u/savevideo
u/savevideo
Awe ... lesbian Guinean pigs ..
Not too shabby, this footage, for a derpy hippo!
Isn't it great when nature invades your home... remember when you see those animals running across your floor that they just want to point a camera at you and there is no need to attack them
Awwww so cute
Keep that hole safe
I bet it's warm and cozy in there! :)
Fuck. Do not do this in Australia.
Awwww
Always keep the holy grenade near by just in case.
The primal fear of living in Australia makes me immediately expect a Trap-door spider or a funnel web spider or any kind of snake. Even though there are clearly no webs present, I still feel the need to run.
r/nonononoyes
Run, rabbit! run, rabbit! run! run! run!
Don’t give the Farmer his fun fun fun 
He’ll get by without his rabbit pie
so run, rabbit! run, rabbit! run!
OMG Bunnies!!!  Run for your lives!!!  Retreat!!!  Well maybe they will keep the lawn mowed so you don't have to work so hard this summer???
Down the rabbit hole can be a fun place to go.
i was half expecting a blackbird or smth lmao
LET THEM STAY
what if its a snake
Omg!! Just recently my dog was sniffing around the backyard like a bloodhound. I was standing next to him trying to get him to come inside and a bunny jumped out of the grass onto my foot and took off.

He ran a few yards and then stopped. I picked him up and held him for a couple minutes, then put him under some cover by the spot he came from. 

It was so goddamn cute and I didn't want to stop holding him but knew I had to. Such an awesome experience holding a baby wild bunny
[deleted]
We get rabbits hiding their babies in our lawn all the time. 

Our German shepherd thinks they are food and/or toys and kills them ASAP. 

I found out when my sister heard something outside and said “Does she like her toys outside like that?”  And I said “I don’t think she has any...oh my god...”

She was killing a baby rabbit.
R/dontputyourdickinthat
[deleted]
Just remember, in this kind of scenario try to leave the babies alone as much as possible so that mama isn't scared by your human scent!
Looks like meat’s back on the menu boys!!!
I see you took the red pill.
Eh what’s up doc
u/savevideo
u/savevideo
Send the ferret down.
Wabbit season!
Killem before its to late
BUN!
Until just now I've never wondered how many rabbits and other burrowing creatures get trapped and die in collapse tunnels :'(
[deleted]
Chinchilla?
go down the rabbit hole camera we want to see the rest of the rabbits if there even rabbit down there and kidnap the first one
Adorable! Anyone else turn the volume down and fast forward through it first to make sure it was safe??
This is so cuteee.....baby bunnies with wiggly nosies make me feel happy. Thank you OP for uploading this.
Bun Buns!
Aww I saw the same hole in my park. Fucking cute big rat came out. Almost crap my pants.
So how do you feel about them in real life?
“Hey, buddy, can you point me the way to CHATT...anooga?
What kind of maniac sees a whole and says hol up I'll put my phone in it
At least it wasn't rats!
Share this with r/rabbits!
Holy fucker, I didn't look at the sub before the video and was sure this was someone being funny in r/nope by calling giant fucking spiders or snakes "cuties" and was waiting for the jump scare ...

I'm so glad I was wrong
The other little one was like "fool that ain't momma". 😂
My heart melted
How do they manage to stay so clean looking while in a tunnel of dirt? V cool, thx for sharing(:
Bunny sees something strange at the entrance to its home so it sticks its head out. No wonder why they are nature's popcorn.
Awww! So sweet!
What if someone filled in the hole?
hello!!!! it’s spring!!!!!
That's the cutest fucking thing i've ever seen in my entire life!
Thats cute
Bunny's so cute.
Baby bunnies!
Plotting to take the farmer's heart in revenge, I'd bet.
Bunnies!!!!
Sticking your phone down random holes seems like a generally bad idea..

On the off-chance that its not a rabid animal living down there but a cute one, it can still snatch your phone away and run off with it
U burried them allive !?
Look at the bones!
"Nooo, i do not have any more honey for you Pooh"
u/Derpy_Hippo where are you located?
Bun bun!!
My first thought was: who puts their phone down a hole?
Im outraged at how cute this is
Bunny :D
I always forget rabbits live underground...
This is so not the internet... you promise me something cute & actually deliver the cutenezzz!!!
So cute!!!!!!!!!!
What’s up doc?
Let's go down the rabbit hole, nope.
BRB, putting my GoPro down the rabbit hole under my shed.
Is defending its terrorirty
Bwewwo? Mom said, um, we have to bite strangers. So please leave.
I know we are an r/awww but I was really tense thinking what was coming out of that hole. Beauty is in the eye of the beholder and all.
Easter is coming. Did you drop some Cadbury eggs down there?
Down the rabbit hole we go.
Awhhh so adorable ! I want oneeee
Goddamit can we all just stick to tallking about rabbits?
Somebody didn’t watch the animated Watership Down. Bunnies about to go crazy.
This must be what alien encounters are like.
Big ol bunny <3
MY HEART
r/dontputyourdickinthat
I'm kind of surprised the rabbit looks more curious than scared.
i have one in back yared
but not postingng it famliy thing
They’re gonna eat all your carrots!
its 14 teen feet wid 3 feet down
U/savevideo
awww
Bruh the camera quality really be better than my eyesight
I would drop my phone down there and spend an hour trying to get it out
bun bun!
They’re cute but they’re straight up pests where I live. They make holes all over our yard and leave poop pellets everywhere and eat all of our plants and flowers. Not a fan.
Aaagh Wassup doc
** *My hounddog would like to know your location* **
you are the luckiest person in the world
u/savevideo
Aww it’s a burrow
All fun and games till a python comes out
More to the point, what are those things flashing backwards/forwards before that dude appears?
The nest of the bun buns
good use of the camera
Last year we had baby bunnies burrowing under our house but we had coincidentally got a puppy 

It wasn’t very nice cleaning it up
u/savevideo
No wonder rabbits have a "spray and pray" reproduction strategy when their first instinct at seeing a stranger at the burrow is to walk out to investigate.
Imagine if you'd dropped it
WoW! Seems cooler then other.
*dies of cute*

Also, I'm glad to know rabbits tunnel.  We have a few in our yard and I worry about them getting snatched by hawks.
Did you talk to them about our Lord and Savior Bugs?
Well, I’d just like to say the baby rabbits are adorable. Looks like mom picked a safe place. I’ve read rabbit needs can be run over by lawnmowers if not underground.
Quellish
Often when you see these animal burrows they appear to go pretty deep. Is it pitch black generally in the dens? Can the animals see at all with better visual acuity/night vision or do they just accept it's going to be black.   


I first starting thinking this from that owl burrow video a few days ago where it looked like the burrows were so long no light at all would make it. I know you can see the bunny a bit at the start so that might not be the case here, but is there a general trend?
Lil homie chilling
I thought it was an alligator at first
I thought this was an ear wax video.
I showed this to my mom and she said “dinner”
You've gone down the rabbit hole.
"Come down here alice"
“Ayy, What’s Up Doc?”
"Oh, a hole. Let me take a video of whatevers inside."
Imagine living in a hole
snake has entered the chat
Lmfao.."Down the rabbit 🐇  🕳 hole" huh?🤷🏿‍♂️😂🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
I see👀 what you did there!!!
This is MTV Cribs, let me show you around.
In a hole in the ground there lived ~~a Hobbit~~ baby bunnies. Not a nasty, dirty, wet hole, filled with the ends of worms and an oozy smell, nor yet a dry, bare, sandy hole with nothing in it to sit down on or to eat: it was a ~~hobbit-hole~~ bunny-hole, and that means comfort. 

Still, so cute. :)
So cute!
It’s going up the hole as if to say “y u blokin r lite u little shit”. 

So adorable.
u/SaveVideo
Anyone else say hello in a baby voice out loud to the bun bun when he hopped up or am I just wildly insane lol
It's the Rabbit of Caerbannog!
u/savevideo
u/downloadvideo
This is the best thread about tarantulas that two bunnies have ever started.
So wholesome
I don’t know why but I was expecting two alligators. \*Signs you might be a Florida man.\*
"Mama?"
u/savevideo
Christmas critters
u/savevideo
So cute 😍
Me while watching this:

^^awwwwww ^^what ^^the ^^fuccckkkk ^^sooooo ^^cuuuuuute
So cute!!
It’s frankly amazing how far down I had to scroll to find a comment about the bunnies.
Adorable
What’s up doc?
They coming out for Easter? Bring me some candy!
Momma needs to teach them to be more scared of things at the entrance to the burrow.
Brave of you
They’re like little arrows that get stuck inside your skin when they kick them at you, and trip a horrible allergic reaction all over
OH MY FUCKING GOD THATS THE CUTEST FUCKING THING IVE EVER SEEN
u/savevideo
Fill it with aluminum and make a cast like an ant hill
Where are the eggs?
(Aww, Bun-Bun's !)
Don't worry about these wires, doctor's orders.
Anybody else hear "Hey, whats up Doc?"
Woah never seen blue rabbits unless that's just some weird camera lighting work going on there
We were just talking about how there is no god because of all the bunnies who get eaten alive, then their poor babies are abandoned in a hole waiting to also be eaten alive. If there is a god, it's a cruel and unjust god.
Big ol' bunny
What a relief. I was expecting some eldritch horror to emerge
u/savevideo
Awwwww baby Rabbits
Awww the babe
You choose the wrong house fool
Snake
u/savevideo
Is no one going to OoH Aah the little bunny?
Borat: What sort of dog is this?
”Little bunny” - demoman tf2
 [u/savevideo](https://www.reddit.com/u/savevideo/)
Okay, now I’ve seen everything at a doctors office. o0
u/savevideo
Omg❤
There’s a big rabbit that comes into my yard, the dog doesn’t bother him. I leave carrots, lettuce, cabbage etc out for him a few times a week. He pops up on the weekends.
r/doputyourdickinthat
u/savevideo
nice nice
nice
nice
My parents yard used to be filled with rabbits and sadly there were more than one accident with the lawn mower and over time the rabbits went away :(  I miss the yard being filled with rabbits every spring/summer.
Bunny noses are the cutest noses ever created. You found the Easter bunnies.
Those rabbits are dynamite!
Buns
I would be a terrible rabbit - I'd be so claustrophobic.
What a cutie
cutie mice
Every bunny welcome
Oh hello there
u/savevideo
Dey so cute I wanna cuddle them
Pygmy rabbits!! I love these little guys they’re so cute and small
/u/savebot
No wombat? D'awww 😢
Might not get to see many of them in the near future - hemorrhagic disease is spreading
Yeah. They’re cute until they destroy your veggie and perennial gardens! 😑
This is beautiful
This is beautiful
Yes
Mow <3 Cute little chipmunks
Beautiful bun bun. 💜
Why does it seem like that bunny was smiling? I can’t be the only one who saw that?
Excuse me sir we have been trying to contact you about your cars extended warranty
The bunny’s where probably just waiting when the scraps of lunch are ready to steal
Hole to hole salesman?
Aw my puppy dug a hole in the yard once and ate two babies rabbits I was so mad but he's a dog ....
Looks like an academic decathlon... YOU, VERSUS ME
High risk high reward.
ehh what’s up doc?
Whenever I see a hole, my first thought is to stick my phone down it.
r/foraging
00:07 - looks like a smiling demon thanks
Hells to the naw that could’ve been a snake. You’re braver than I am.
Are rabbits a part of rodents?
I'm thumping! That's why they call me Thumper!
You’re lucky it wasn’t a poisonous snake...
Wasn’t expecting rabbits.
Awww. A hoppity hop
“... don’t be a spider don’t be a spider don’t be a spiOMGBUNNIES!!!!!!”
I was expecting a big scary snake
Omg I just watches a documentary on this. Impeccable timing! 
[The Burrowers ](https://youtu.be/U5g7x8SVgE8)
Saw a hole. Stuck my phone into it. :thumbsup:
Your shit is fucked. Good luck.
Seems like you live in Australia and yet your camara is not upside down.
I'm almost sure some aracnophile is gonna post a video just like this but with a spider in it later on.
Aw thought it was gonna be a jump scare for a second then looked at what subreddit Im on
Omg they are soo cute - is it weird that am single guy but am planning to get one next year
I see you have found the killer rabbit of Caerbannog with big pointy teeth
r/dontputyourd...
Aww precious babies!!
Adorable
Good old granpa told me:

Boil a pot of water and drop it inside
How far down is the Reddit rabbit hole going to take me this time?
Now back to the cute furry animals and not tarantulas pleasssee! 😂
u/savevideo
u/savevideo
You got a good snack right there
Life is tough when you can’t build doors.
This just made my ENTIRE day
Better than a snake
Lemmiwinks... Lemmiwinks...
Curious 🥺🥺🥺
WHERE DO YOU LIVE
Lovah bunniessss
Easter Bunnies! :D
You must throw the holy hand grenade
^pleasedontbespiderspleasedontbespiderspleasedontbespiderspleasedo- 
oh good it’s bunnies
“HEY who turned that light on??”
\-"Aww. Where do you work?"

\-"I'm a surgeon."
What’s up, doc?
I saw a third nose in the back!
u/svaevidoe
I would be so claustrophobic in a space that tight. Ugh 😖
u/savevideo
*I then dropped my Iphone and never saw it again*
Add this to the list of “Things you would never do in Australia”
Aww
Bugs Bunny is real !! 🥕
Would make a great jump scare
Bunnies!
I did a double check to see which subreddit this was before I looked. I thought it was a trick. 😂
Me as rabbit: *takes phone*
Me sitting here thinking

*don't be a jump scare, don't be a jump scare* or *don't be a bug! Dont be a bug! *

In reality "IT'S A BUN!!!
Bunnies! Just in time for Easter
Idk where this person lives but my first thought was why tf would you stick your hand down a random hole we got SNAKES
Oh men you hit the house of this little one
For a moment, I forgot what sub I was in, so when I read "saw a little hole...put my phone down it", I got real scared there for a dec
WHY ARE YOU IN MY LIVING ROOM
u/savevideo
And you took them home?
Looks like it wants to make a call
Cotton-tail rabbits?
“In a hole in the ground there lived a rabbit.”
Smol friend
Why aren’t they afraid?
u/savevideo
Awww, look nice for dinner.
I love how timid the first one is then it’s sibling comes bouncing up to say hi
One thing us Australians would never do. Put our hand (or belongings, or any part of our body for that matter) down some random hole...
I take it you're in Europe?
Tribal Africans would love this one.
Would rather be talking about baby bunnies!
[Backwards Bun](https://www.reddit.com/r/Rabbits/comments/g3kaz8/thats_all_you_need_to_see_for_today/)
u/savevideo
Ok, I'll say it.  Awwwwwww!
Leave wildlife the fuck alone
Send a ferrit down with a go pro
[Bunny momma after she finds out her babies smell like human](https://i.imgur.com/DovRtfo.png)
I once kicked a rabbit up the arse.
mmmm! the lunch!
Pour Diet Coke in there
So did you cement it?
Send my terrier straight down there
Fire in the hole...
My dog just spent 5 days murdering an entire warren of these in my backyard....
That's nice. Next time dont shine a bright light down the home and just appreciate it from a distance.
Ah yes, lunch
No! bunnies eat my garden... I dislike bunnies
Dumbass
"Old World Tarantulas" coming to the WB this Fall.
Was expecting to see myself coming out that hole
