Mittens must be kept  sfe
My great uncle survived the fronts of WW1 in his early 20s. Came home and died from the Spanish Flu
From the article this photo probably came from (the photo is in this article)

One image, dating from the years when Spanish flu rampaged across the United States, shows a unknown family of six, in Dublin, California, all wearing the standard mask of the time: "white and fastened around the head," as Catharine Arnold writes in Pandemic 1918: Eyewitness Accounts from the Greatest Medical Holocaust in Modern History. A behatted woman holds a bouquet of flowers. And the family patriarch holds a tense-looking masked cat under his arm, like a loaf of bread. Faint wrinkles under the cat's right ear show where the gauze is bunching up, and a faint shadow marks the spot of its triangular nose.
Dad holding the cat he didn't want
Is that a catnip scented kitty mask?
How much you wanna bet the Dad just finished saying some dumb joke like "alright make sure you smile" Some things never change...
Cat: I ain't about to lose one of my 9 lives to this flu, make me one of those.

Family: K
Seriously, if you can get a cat to wear a mask for the time it takes to get in a picture in 1918, certainly angry grandpa can wear one at the Home Depot for 20 minutes.
Is it me or do you not remember seeing masks when getting taught about the Spanish flu as a kid. I mean we remember the Spanish flu but not remembering an important detail “ everyone wearing masks everywhere “ has me a little off.
Honestly it’s nice to see an old photo of people wearing masks, because they didn’t wear them afterwards. 

Comforting to know this too shall pass and one day we can go back to normal
Interesting article on this:

https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.atlasobscura.com/articles/pets-during-1918-influenza-epidemic.amp
Poor fools don’t even realize those masks are a calculated effort by Bill Gates to subjugate them so he can inject a 5G chip into their brains.
*Pictures from the past people from 2020 just DONT understand!*
Even mittens can wear a mask properly...take note Karen
I wonder if there was a sect of society then that thought wearing masks was the government trying to force totalitarianism on them
If you don’t want to call it the Chinese virus then don’t call the Spanish flu. It’s H1N1. Also the first case was in Kansas, US… Not Spain
Plot twist: this is one of those tourist trap Old time photos, was taken last week
And look, their masks are covering their mouths and noses!
Not one mask worn under the nose !
I don't see any noses, nice job everyone
100 years later it's still easier to get cats to wear a mask than grown fucking adults.
I think you mean Kansas flu
People in 1918 can wear their masks properly. Why can’t people cover all the necessary orifices now?
Notice how they're all properly wearing the masks too 😂😂
Wonder if anyone complained about their freedom being imposed upon back then... /s
Not a nose in sight! Good job family!
I just want to say that it looks more like the cat has white face than mask. You can see greyer areas where the tip of the nose should be and let me tell you - no cat would wear mask.
Kansas flu
Even the fucking cat knows it goes over your nose.
Notice they're all hiding their scratched blood soaked arms hahahah
I think it might be just his face
Am I the only one here who sees the cats nose/mouth? He’s not wearing a mask, it’s just his color scheme.
Cat health: 100
My grandmother recently mentioned having to wear masks during the victory parade for the war. I was confused for a second before I remembered she meant WWI. She's old.
Back when scientifically sound Americans were a thing.
Protect the cat
And this was before they really understood how viruses spread.
I love this
Commonly used gauze masks during the Spanish flu, efficacy very low compared to the polypropylene masks we use today.
damn, a lot of anti-maskers in this comment section...
These people from 1918 know enough to wear masks, what’s wrong with some people today?
They must have all died because they couldn’t breathe. Obviously. Right guys?
Even these people were smarter than most Americans are today.
https://imgur.com/a/QyUlND9 Colorised Version
You can see the cat's nose. It looks like it has white fur on half of its face making it look like it has a mask on. Still cool though.
I don’t think the cat has a mask on. You can faintly see it’s nose. Plus the fur on it’s neck matches the colour on his face
it may look like the cat has a mask on, but if you look close enough, you may see that its just the fur color, correct me if im wrong though
Cute but how? Most cat will scratch the everloving shit out of you if you put anything near their face.
It’s not wearing a mask
I love the mask on the cat
Even the cat puts the mask over his nose. You have no fucking excuse, Kevin.
Not a single person dick nosing it either
history repeats itself.  good care of cat.  lol
Back when people were not fucking stupid, they just wore their masks to keep others safe
Even animals could wear masks then. Now idiots think they are suffocating bc they have to wear one for short durations in a store. /smh
I guess cats from 100 years ago were smarter than Republicans today.
At least they wore masks.
Stupid Americans: “I can’t even breathe looking at this picture! Ughhhh I hate wearing masks.”
Man they so sensible about a pandemic that they even masked their cat xD
Wow they even wore it properly over the nose too!
I don’t know what’s more impressive. Surviving the Spanish flu or surviving a cat forced to wear a mask.
"History repeats itself, first as a tragedy, second as farce."
Keeping all members of the family safe
I wonder if the Family descendents are still around. They could make a Family Portrait during the Covid19 pandemic, 2021
Imagine someone teleporting from 1918 to 2020 for a better future only to land in this.
I bet there was way less bitching back then
The more things change, the more they stay the same.
It sort of looks like it's just the colour of its face fur
Look at all those sheeple. Protecting themselves from a serious and deadly disease that indiscriminately killed millions. Don’t they know their liBeRtY is more important than their lives?
The cat is smarter than half the people nowadays
The cats in 1918 were smarter than half the Americans in 2020
If the cat can wear a mask, you can Karen.
That is adorable
Every mask worn correctly, covering their noses, and no maskless family member making a statement about freedom. Even Whiskers was a sheeple. Of course, a hundred years later, we know better.
They would have been equally as insufferable had they had social media.
If people in 1918 were able to wear masks, then people in 2021 can too
[removed]
Imagine the one picture ever taken of you and you’re wearing a mask 

(Definitely pro-mask myself, just think it’s unfortunate timing for them)
I never get tired of this picture lol not only did they love kitty enough to include in a family portrait, they got kitty a little kitty mask
Cat safe from flu
notice how the mask is also over the nose
This is not a picture from the Spanish Flu, this is a picture of the famous 1930s bank robbing kitty outlaw Muffins McCuddler and her posse right before they did the heist of the Carner Savings and Loan Bank in Michigan City, Indiana. Get your facts straight!
Wear  a  mask .
If a cat can wear a mask, so can you. Have you ever tried to put a hat on a cat?!
People who were living in 1918 were smarter then modern day anti-maskers. I wonder how it feels to be so stupid.
"Well back in my day, we didn't walk around in these gol'durn masks!"

Back in their day:
1919 people were smarter then karen's.
I’ve seen this picture several times before, but it always makes me smile. It’s so sweet that they were that concerned about their cat getting the flu too lol
They for real wore masks back then?!
Cats can catch some human sicknesses...but don’t think the flu is one.
I can't believe they let the government control them like that. /s
That’s weird, the mask is covering the mouth and nose on every person.
I wish the USA was as smart as this cat
China flu = racist 

Spanish flu = not racist
So cute
[removed]
omg thats adorable :D
According to Dr. Michael Osterholm, Bidens covid advisor, studies have shown that masks made no difference during the 1918 flu pandemic...

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3CglBhn0znM&feature=youtu.be&
You can bet Mittens would have been first in line for a vaccine.
Even in 1918 they knew how to mask up better than americans in 2021
Covid survival rate 99.5%
Wow. Not one of them with their dick out of their underwear... (nose out of their mask. You know, making the mask pretty much pointless, like if your dick was out of your underwear).
There was no “Spanish flu”. The correct term is “1918 flu”
DOUBT
Seriously, think about it. Were in their situation, those folk right there probably had to deal with the pains of assholes not wearing mask and ignoring the situation at hand just like us. IDK what it is man, like i almost feel closer to the people i see in pictures during the spanish flu, knowing their struggle. I mean, its not like i can really connect with 18 year olds who had to fight in planes and tanks during ww2.
bUt MaSks dONt HeLp
Did the government tell them all to hide in their houses and tank their businesses?!?
I heard everyone in the photo died, soooooo that shows that masks don't work.



/s
During these not so unprecedented times...
How adorable is that
They were obviously sheeple for listening to Mainstream Telegraph and Big Apothecary.
They were probably communist sympathizers.

/s
And we've been wearing make ever since!!

No wait.   

What are conservatives raging on about again?
And here we are in 2020/21 where people refuse to wear masks vs even the family cat wearing a mask in 1918
Obviously a hoax, what a bunch of sheep /s
Look at those *sheep*

/s
Fake as fuuuuck
I love this so much.
Unlike today, the healthier you were the more likely you were to die from it.
I can feel that cat's rage through time itself
If you didn't have that subtitle, I would not have thought it was from 1918!
Arrrgghhh so cute
“Enhance”
Not a single nose showing.
There must not be any Republicans in this photo.
Look at those libtards falling for the hoax! 

/s
this killed the cat.
Look, a family of sane people...weird.
I wonder if back then idiots would scream for freedom walking into local shops claiming their rights to not wear mask
Can’t wait to see what r/nonewnormal babies have to say about this
It’s almost like they were socially responsible.
Mittens be like “bitch, I be immune! “
Awful photoshop
Reminder that the Spanish Flu actually originated in Kansas, USA
No
I've seen this 100 times in the past 12 months, always funny.
"The Del Perugia family protects themselves against flu, 1918"
And a lot of people STILL died! It's not about the virus..it's about the vaccine...Gloablists at their finest.
Obviously fake.
This is utterly stupid
Look at those sheep /s
When the pandemic wasn’t a big money scheme.
We get it you liberals like wearing masks  and a will continue to do so. Tight. Really cool. This amounts to nothing
It really was the greatest generation
But... The cat is not actually wearing a mask, he just has white fur
History repeating itself is always eerie.
The Spanish flu had a terrifying mortality rate.
The cat doesn't have "mittens" and it's 1918...his/her name is obviously Tabby.
You're not kitten
Lol, so humans have always been cat-crazy! Good to know.
Is that white hair or a mask?
Oh look! They knew how to cover their noses
I am impressed their cat let the mask stay on... also everyone is properly wearing their mask
photoshop?
My cat would, quite literally, claw my eyes out
Boomers: “Technology will make us stupid and more susceptible to brainwashing!”       

Boomers: “OMG didn’t you see what they’re saying online?! Masks are being used to control you and they don’t work! I can’t breathe!”
The world's just in a constant loop. Old things become new again. Though not maybe in the same shape or form but you see the remnants of ideas throughout time collide with one another, all while the human race lunges  towards a one way course for complete and total self annihilation. Scary but almost a relief from it all.
Homie on his last life, he ain’t takin no chances
Cat survived the Spanish flu, but was eaten during the 30s depression.
There is no mask....
People 100 years ago were more with it than now.
Cat memes have always been around.
What were karens like back then?
That cat is smarter than my in-laws
There used to be 7 members of this family but tragically one passed away before this photo.

Not from the flu.  From putting a mask on a cat.
Can we get this reposted more please?..how about everyday in stead of every other day
Cute cat
Imagine telling them in 100 years we'd be doing the same thing
Ye i remmeber a pretty big virus when i was a child but we didnt rly have problems like my parents had trouble paying bills and buying stuff to live like food and other stuff but it was just handalable but the only problem we got is that the rent got more expensive cuz else the country didnt have enough money i think ik not sure why lol ehm dunno why your still reading but thansk for listening :)
weird..why aren't they bitching about wearing those masks
One could argue that folks way back when in the olden days were simply constructed it a superior manner
Was this done as a joke or could cats catch and spread the Spanish Flu?
Being it 1918, id assume they were dead serious about masking the cat as they wouldnt have known much about animal to human transmission back then. Where as today it'd be seen as a joke.
This looks photoshopped to me- some of the faces, especially the cat, you can see facial feature detail through the mask, not just the shape of those features. It could be how the older photo translated to digital
Seems familiar
It's called the Spanish Flu because the Spanish were the first ones to take it seriously. It really started in Kansas City. Kansas, not Missouri.  Because I'll be deep in the cold cold ground before I recognize Missouri.
Adorable that they took the time to make their cat a mask too. 🐈 part of the family.
It's it include the increased risk of pneumonia from the masks?
These mother fuckers are out here strapping bed sheets to their faces and these pansy dick sticks are complaining they can’t breathe smh
Its not Texas
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n7Khm5DmkPw
Interestingly I’ve seen info that cats and other animals can get the COVID virus.
One kid gets a suit and the other gets overalls lol
That cat has gotta be so tolerant
OK, what the hell.  What this picture does is tell me that all other cats in the world present and in the past are chill enough to allow their owner to put a mask over their face, whiskers included.  That cat is not struggling to get away either.  If I tried that, I'd have one less eye.
Lol!
and yet the people who spout their BS on social media about how people lived through the Spanish fly and they didn’t wear a mask will never see this post. We are in the age of misinformation and I fear the repercussions it will have on censorship and our future as a world and a country.
No way. I think I saw this same image in school somewhere.
If masks save lives, how come everyone in this picture is dead? Checkmate Doomers 
/s
Repost

https://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/k16a2w/family/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf
I wonder what people will be wearing in one hundred years and how they look back on us. Everyone used to dress so nice back then. Our family photos are covered in logos and sweatshirts
Back when people knew what it was to be a REAL PATRIOT!
Look at that! The picture of America when Americans used to care about themselves and their fellow citizens. I mean, in history class we learn about how Americans tightened their belts during WW2, how all the good food was first offered to the frontlines, how people treated soldiers with an almost worshipping attitude. Now? So many people crawling out of the woodwork to bite at anyone who even politely asks them to wear a mask. Governors and state representatives jumping at the chance to throw the middle finger and wipe out all the restrictions that have barely managed to get covid back under the reigns. Idk, maybe these types have always existed and have only been exposed due to the capabilities of the media in modern times.
Aww indeed!! 😍🥰👍🏻
Nice to see that even back then people understood that the mask should cover the nose as well
even people from 100 years ago know how to wear a mask properly
It looks to me the cat just has a white face? You can see it’s nose it looks like..
Honestly, the cat having a mask is kinda genius bc it started from pigs so who knows if it could transfer again??
Cat wasn't playing around. Son was in it for the long haul.
Back then they didn't understand freedoms. I have 13 guns, one for each child, one for the baby(once he can walk), 2 for the wife, and 3 for me. I can't describe the freedom I feel every time I clean all those barrels, it's like lady liberty herself is smiling opon me. We don't wear masks or pants because they infringe on OUR freedom. THE COMMUNIST ILLEGAL WOKE CANCEL GOVERNMENT WILL NOT FORCE ME TO WEAR ANYTHING.

BIDEN and the RADICAL left will be making vaccine passports for ANImals next!!!!!@1 Just wait till Fido is hiding with you in your bunker from THE COMMUNIST SOSIALIST RACIST Hitler left!!! Youll hear me laughing from 20 feet down!!!

HAHAHAHAHAHA
You think in 2119 they’ll be looking back at our own pictures?
Stop calling it the Spanish flu
Mittens gets it.
Only 3 of the people in the picture are worried about the flu, the rest have them on to hide the horrific scratches Mittens gave them after they put a mask on her the first time.
super bien hablado
Did they also say stuff to Spanish people like “go back to SPAY-NA!”
Did masks work against the Spanish flu?
"Hang in there"

Hrmm, Determined or not, that cats long dead by now.
Amazing how much more humans cared for their cats and dogs then compared to this pandemic. I saw humans taking their cats and dogs into stores without a concern that the cats and dogs would contract the virus. It was very sad to here the story of the human family that contracted the virus and then passed it on to their dog. They didn’t isolate the dog during their own isolation so the dog became sick and died. Very sad and troubling because it was already known that cats and dogs are susceptible to the SARS-2 virus.
Ahaha! I’m dead! 

If I had more than one child, we’d defiantly recreate this pic!
If only everyone had worn thefe masks and followed the rules like this family. We wouldnt have the flu today. Its almost as if we could learn from history about our curent situation 🙃
How did they manage to get a cat even wear that thing?
Pretty sure people had to wear masks as well for the Dustbowl years in American history.
Even the cat has it over the nose.....why can't people figure this out.
Funnily enough in Dec 2018 my high school did a lay about the Spanish flu.... we did find it ironic looking back in 2020 XD.
I wonder if their masks were diseased as well.
If a cat can wear a mask then so can you
I love how i can picture the whole set up in my head. 
1918 Dad with a timeless dad joke: lets put one on mittens for the photo!
Cat: I’m not getting your filter human germs in my lungs..someone clean my litter box!
\*Sorts by controversial\*
am I the only one who thinks there's just too much light and so that part of the cat's face (which is white, duh) looks fully white? xD
“Coronavirus ! “ -Cardi B
Old.  I remember when this was posted on Reddit in 1920.  SMH.
WOW..
u/Mimi_Moose
Mac Mittens doesn’t fuck around. Hardest feline in the game. - Dave Chapelle
And 1/2 of society hasn’t learned from history.
Wasn’t it actually the American flu ? Wasn’t it brought over by the yanks?
You can tell it's not a modern pic.  Their noses are covered.
If you enhance the photo further you will see the man holding the cat is also just a bunch of cats wearing a suit.
That's an amazing photo! 😊
Are we sure this isn’t photoshopped?
This will never not be funny to me
I mean... at least all the noses were covered!!
Even Mr Kitty knows that masks go over the nose!
I had no idea cats could be Spanish
Where is the vaccine for Spanish flu?
That is probably a dead, stuffed cat
That’s Dr.Mancatten
You sure as shit know that’s the Cat that the Dad in the photo said they couldn’t have and now they’re best friends. 

Even though Pops says he hates the furry bastard.
Where do they even find a mask for a kitty back then lol
WHAT DA FUCK
not taking noooo chances!
Nananananananananananannana









CAT MASK
Pspspspspspspsps
Awww kitty
Novel idea
What goes around, comes around.
They say history repeats itself
Mr Whiskers needs a mask too.
So does that man i gotta mask all of my 9 cats?
My great grandma died from it, grandma had to be raised by her grandparents
Crosspost to r/oldschoolcool?
Wow! They all actually wear them properly! That means over the nose too!!! Idiots all around me!!! Like every time I open my eyes!!! Idiots everywhere!
Haha kitty
They were a lot smarter then than they are now, that’s for sure.
It's crazy how many people can't see the little nose and mouth on the cat.. it's just white fur they're not wearing a mask. Still this is the kinda mask commitment we need now
To be fair, cats can get these viruses and might even be vectors
I wish I could do this with my Kitten.

Trying to put a little hat on him or a harness results in me almost losing my hand to velociraptor induced attack.
Aw the liddle mask
Impressive the got the cat to keep it on
Yeah, all these stories are interesting but how about this cat is wearing a mask!
I’m not getting vaccinated, I’ll rot away in a quarantine camp on a matter of principle. 

But I am big time pro-mask. I haven’t been sick once since all you dirty germ spreaders started wearing them. Huge mask guy.
ITs funny how one of the fundamental aspects of conservatism is looking to the past/maintain the status quo; yet they are 100000% advocating the opposite of best things to do compared to last time we dealt with this shit. 


It is comical.
Interesting photo! Even the cat has a mask.
My grandpa was five and the whole family minus him got it initially and he had to take care of the family getting things. After they all recovered then he got it. Everyone survived.
Am I the only one who sees Joe Rogan’s eyes in the girl to the left?
THAT CAT JS WHEREIJG A MASK!!!! Whilesome fauci coronavirus 100 moment!!!
So your telling me, a cat cam wear a mask but someone with "health conditions" can't?
All I can think is about how covid affects large cats in zoos, and if this was similar at all, it could be really great to have pet cats protected too at the time lol.
Awwwwww... half of those people probably died bc of the flu. However all are dead now.
Honestly I feel like I see the nose and it just isn’t wearing a mask.
Thats not a mask just a cats white face
As much as I’d like to think the they put a mask on the cat it does look like it’s just the color snd pattern of its fur looks like it’s wearing one
Plot twist, it’s Lovecraft’s cat
look at those self-righteous liberals
This man loves his cat more than his wife, 2 kids, your sister, and your deadbeat brother-in-law... Combined!
But Meow Meow Meow Meow rights!
It's... just a cat? I can see it's nose clearly. Are we certain it's not just the cat's markings?
Dejavu (have i been in this place before?)
I'm in this picture and I don't like it.
Glad to see people could still have a sense of humor during those times... the Spanish flu was BRUTAL.
I wondered how long it would be until this gets reposted.
So everyone else was a antimasker?
What the actual hell is cute about this image? They’re wearing masks during a pandemic, there’s nothing cute about that. Jesus Christ people get some perspective
If you look more closely, the flowers mom was holding had masks too.
Damn liberal cat
First I thought the cat was wearing a mask too!
The more things change, the more they stay the same
Cats are cute :)
MeowAnon condems those human sheep for infringing on one of the 9 lives of that cat. It's a plot to lace the catnip supply with tracking chips.
El amor por nuestros gatos siempre ha estado presente, no importa cuantas pandemias existan..... Muy buena foto felicitaciones.
that’s it’s fur pattern, no?
Ok but no one gave a fuck about animals back then... kitty definitely hates the mask.
Haha he’s dead
Look! It’s COVERING HIS NOSE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
That's love
Ahh, so much has changed in 100 years.
Cat: What... fresh new hell... *is this?!*
That cat is better than most people at wearing masks
Images like this make me remember that people back them, despite looking serious in pictures, had sense of humor, just like now. It’s kind of a brief window in time where the past doesn’t look that far away.
I love the kitty on the mask.
Cat is smarter than millions of Ameowicans
And now my family Xmas card 2020:

 https://imgur.com/gallery/Oa44tJr
Look at all them freedoms taken away! /s
An amazing gag!
Looks photoshopped.
Went away with no vaccine. Which is wild.
Should've been called the Kentucky Flu.
Ummm the cat is wearing a mask lol
My great grandmother had 11 kids. Surprisingly enough,  they all lived to adulthood,  which was really lucky. The odd thing was that she had 6 kids, the 6th being my grandfather,  and stopped.  Nobody knows why. Miscarriage,  locked my great grandfather out of the house, who knows? About 15 years later she had the younger 5 kids, pretty much one after another.  There's a picture of my grandfather and his older brothers rocking on the front porch, and there are little kids playing behind them.  They aren't their kids - they are my great aunt and youngest great uncle.
Hilarious, great sense of humor
Why was it called the Spanish flu?
Dad: doesn’t want a cat
Family: gets cat anyway
Dad and the cat:
I can't take this Corona pandemic no more, please let it end NOW
This is the cutest thing I’ve ever seen
I wonder how anti-maskers would have been treated back then.
Are we sure that’s a mask? It kind of just looks like the kittys face
Funny how i never saw these types of historic photos until a pandemic has happened again right now in modern times. I work at a school and was tasked with taking photos of the (really lame) socially distanced activities the kids have been doing for their yearbook, and they’re all wearing masks. No smiles or expressions visible, which makes for some odd photo albums.  I just feel like it’s going to be so weird for them to look back on and think like wow i really had to cover my face then
Good Boye.
This photo is reposted once a month
When i get this off me spanish flu is the least of your worries
Dis real?
Hey I'm not able to see it clearly but I think the cat just had white fur, u can see it's tiny nose, I don't know,maby it's a mask too..🤷
My grandmother had nine kids, starting in the 40s.

The oldest, now in his late 70s, just stopped dialysis. He will be the first of the nine to die.

Please spare any condolences.
The best illustration of "people are people" I've ever seen.
Okay cause of Twitter I didn’t know you were serious at first
Very cool photo. That cat is well looked after too. Love it 👍
Call it Kansas Flu or Oklahoma Flu, sure it does not have to do anything with Spain.
Hmmm... I thought the term patriarch was only used for women. Neat 📸
Karens wont wear a mask, even a fucking cat wears one
It almost looks like the cat is wearing a mask.
I will bet those masks 100 years ago are more effective that what most people are wearing right now.
Good to see they finally muzzled it after 'the incident'
Wasn't this the flu that started in the United States and made famous for ravaging Spain after we spread it to them?

I wonder if there's a whole bunch of people calling it the Yankee Flu, or the FLUnited States?
Server: Cat has joined the family
It’s is a cat. Who is a vigilante.
Kitty!!
WOW, smiles...
Thata 1 fucking photo that ppl use to justify masks. The 1 single photo
Were they whining about wearing masks back then?
The cat's name was Tommy. Tommy Gunn.
No one:

Dad: and the cat has to be in the picture too. Fine I’ll hold him. Guess he’ll need a mask also.
I wonder if people protested wearing masks back then like some do now. Lol - I don’t really, they’re wearing masks because it makes sense and works. Doubt they had to be told to because people were just *smarter* back then. Common sense wise, at least.
very nice photograph
Oh my god, the cat is awesome.
Isn’t this about the cat with a mask?
[removed]
It's good to see some thing never change 😌.
What an interesting picture, it looks kind of normal right now.
Dfv
Lol, someone had a sense of humor. 

Protecc the kitties!!
I don't see a cat with a mask... I see a cat with a white nose and chin. Is it just me?! This cat is not wearing a mask. It's cute though.
Wonderful!! particularly the cat - they obviously love her/him
So do things go back to normal like here? I think it harder to forget in this age
Love this!!
Hey look a really pandemic
I like that a cat - with a brain the size of a walnut - is smart enough to know it’s a good idea to wear a mask.
My Grammy was 1 year old at the time. She’s now 104. She’s survived 2 pandemics and is an amazing woman! ❤️
Hmmmm im.not buying it. AT least 2050 or over
This feels uncanny to me 😳
Some ass clown that always comments on our local news blog was saying that "Covid is a hoax, just like the 1918 flu"
I was at the grocery store back in October and someone was there with a cow backpack... and the cow was wearing a mask.
Why couldn't we learn from history?!!!!
The sad truth about this photograph is the cat died the day after, along with the rest of the people pictured here
Cute!
Why does this keep getting upvoted even when it's the 50th repost in the last year?

I loved it the first couple of times, too, but seriously?!
I mean... they were definitely the weird family in the neighborhood. Don’t pretend these weirdos were the norm. They weren’t.
People were smarter back then
Pimples killed lots of people, that’s why so many people are obsessed with popping them. It’s in our nature.
Most people died not of Spanish flu, but due to complications associated with the mask. Of course Fauchi is aware of this because he studied the outcome of this pandemic...
How date they call it the “Spanish” Flu. Doesn’t matter where it started..I’m sure a lot of feelings were hurt.
Quit calling it the Spanish Flu... it’s H1N1 you baboon
I don't get why people put masks on animals
Im convinced he lost his other hand trying to get the mask on the cat.
Why is this posted in r/aww ?
URGENT community driven cryptocurrency Pitbull token is getting listed on whitebit in under a week. Its gonna 10x. Get in before its too late. Check the charts yourself its the perfect time to buy. Like this comment, let everyone know, the more people buy the more everyone makes !!!!!!
The cat says no face no case playa
Is that cat wearing a mask? I can't tell.
Back then they didn’t know to change out masks often or how to clean them so they mostly died of bacterial pneumonia
That’s from the dust bowl
Is the cat wearing a mask or is that just their fur color?
Not really much different. Everyone wearing masks and the economy is about to implode. Just think, in 20 years we can expect to be in the middle of another World War. Fun!
Responsible baby
Is it me or upon very close inspection does the cat not just have a white face and nose and no mask?
I know in my heart that’s a ginger kitty and it was his best buddy!
I name the cat: Rodgerigo
Sense of humor on point
So, if the cat can figure out the mask then why do I see so many morons at the grocery store with their idiot noses flapping in the breeze??
I feel a strange kinship to these people. Many aspects of our lives currently must have been encountered by them as well - not only masks, but altered social lives and daily activities. Although we are more than a century removed from them, fundamentally we have going though similar circumstances. Pandemics are weird!!
I wonder if they had Maga idiots then too
That cat had that handkerchief off the moment this picture was done.
Dr. Campbell would ve proud of kitty.
This is how you take care of yourself and ur fam during flu
Spanish flu doesnt sound PC.
You gotta protect the real head of the family
Wait, you mean these aren't unprecedented times? There was a precedent.
Best thing with masks in today's pics is there fact you can't see the duckfaces.
Looks like they’re wearing cotton masks. Why didn’t we (USA) learn from the past and mandate/recommend cotton masks right from the beginning?
So even the cats were smarter in 1918:than most of the people are in 2020 and 2021. We are so doomed to an eternity in hell...
More people died from infections from dirty masks than died of the actual flu.
Unfortunately the masks didn't save them everyone in this photo is dead along with the photographer. The cats whereabouts are unknown but he's probably fine
It makes sense. Because during the flu cats could have saved many lives.
This is not real
Wait, the government microchipped people by forcing masks as early as 1918?!

/s
This picture should be a PSA during the pandemic. Even mask up your pets.
That cat killed them all later in the week.
People were smarter and Dumber back then
i love this because every time i go out, people are masked up but they just leave their kids to raw dog the air. im shocked every time
Classic with the cat!
The cat doesn't have a mask people it just has a white face...
Gotta keep the lil shit from not eating the rats somehow
How is that "cute"?
 Funny, I just can't
Lmfao
Note that Mittens wears a mask.
Am responsible Meow, wear mask, protecc the others
Another virus from China. Along with both black plagues, Sars... Who knows what else
What if I told you [the cat isn't wearing a mask.](https://www.snopes.com/fact-check/cat-spanish-flu-mask/)
You can say people get smarter over generations but at least they wear some masks and don’t complain they can’t breath
Sad that back then people wore a mask and dealt with it but now people wear thin mask and all the sudden can’t breath... I have asthma, I can breath fine with a mask. Deal with it.
I find it hard to tell if the cat is wearing a mask of it is white fur. I can see the cat's nose, mouth and other facial features. A tabby cat with a white face is not that unusual. My neighbors have one.
It looks like all of us now...
Wow - all are wearing their masks properly. And yet still able to breathe. Amazing!
Good to know they all got vaccinated and then stopped wearing masks. Good.
Yes, cats can get the flu.
Now do the same for karens
How come we can call this the Spanish Flu but calling COVID-19 the China Flu is somehow racist? But Indian, South African, Brazilian variants are ok?

This virus leaked out of China
I swear, this was posted a year ago and it was shown to be fake. No one masked their dang cat!
I swear, this was posted a year ago and it was shown to be fake. No one masked their dang cat!
Hahah
More masks than I've seen all year
