I gotta ask, how did you get him in there?
Spaghetti looks like a very civil serpent.
I wanna see that in action
[removed]
Although he's cold blooded, he probably finds that it feels very safe and maybe the fuzziness feels good too.  He might find it a fun little hiding sleeve, or he might actually find it comfortable.  I think he's adorable!  Merry Christmas! 
Spaghetti is a perfectly appropriate name for a danger noodle.
Can he slither with it on? It looks like he would slide out.
He's nervous, but on the surface he looks calm and ready
[deleted]
My cornsnake's name is Ziti!
Snuggly snek
Holy Crap!

I didn't expect this post to blow up like it did. My sister just learned how to crochet about a month ago and she made me this for Spaghetti. Best gift ever!

On behalf of Spaghetti, Thank you so much! And thanks again for the gold! Completely unexpected.

Thank you! This made my Christmas!
Aw, Spaghetti is a cute name for a snake!
Spaghettis lookin a little al dente 
I like that you named your cat spaghetti 
WARM LONG BOYE
 Coziest. Danger noodle. Ever.
Aww! I made my little corny a few hats before. His name is Ekans. :)
My name is relevant. 
*Theres a snake in my sweater already*

*His name's Spaghetti*
Ok... I hate snakes and that's the cutest damn thing I've ever seen. Bonus cute points for naming a snake Spaghetti.
My noodles name is Spaghetti too! She's a girl though, and she doesn't have a sweater
So cute, too bad sweaters don’t work on snakes ;) 🐍 
I hate snakes but this is so cute I can’t believe it. 
Science question: Do sweaters keep sneks warm? Since they’re cold blooded, do they generate enough heat (or any, but they must generate some heat I think...) to be warmed by a sweater?
Lookssss like he apresssssssiatessss the nissssse insssssulation.
Spaghetti’s stomach muscles might not be able to get traction with his new sweater. So he may be in full “Well, I guess this is my life now,” mode haha. 
If snakes had hair, this is how I imagine it would look like
Dude, she just made the arm part. 
i think /r/snakes would appreciate this
Hey everyone!

I wanted to thank you so much for sending Spaghetti some love for Christmas, I can't believe how much this thing blew up. I ended up doing an interview with The Dodo this morning. Completely blew my mind. Thanks again, it's really been a fun ride.

Here is a link to the interview if anyone wanted some backstory on Spaghetti and his sweater!

https://www.thedodo.com/close-to-home/pet-corn-snake-gets-christmas-sweater
Would a sweater work for cold blooded animals? Would it be any warmer?
my nem is snek
n wen it’s cold 
christmas will come
so ive been told

I luv my mum
she get me gifts 
da fam does too
our spirits lifts 

my blood is cold
my heart is not
I gets a gift
I luvs a lot 

is made of yarn 
I crawl inside 
christmas is nice 
this I decide 
The best time to wear a snake sweater... is all the time!
Normally snakes scare the shit out of me but it's so hard to be afraid of a lil guy named spaghetti with big sparkling eyes wearing a sweater his aunt made him

It's the end of the world. I love this little guy. Give spaghetti a kiss on the head for me. 
How did you get it on him?
Idk how you got that on him, I feel like if I tried to put a sweater on my corn snake she wouldn’t be too happy about it lol.
Who needs spag bol when you have the spag boi? 
🚫👞🐍
I want my name to be spaghetti
is it poisonous and does it bite? How does its bite feel like?
Omg
Can he still slither?
What kind of death noodle is that?
Literally a danger noodle with the right name. 
You have a meme snek 
But where are the arm holes?!
Read that as "Made a sweater from spaghetti" Surprised but not disappointed 
I think Lowly Worm had a sweater like that.  
background on snake?
I loathe snakes. 

But I ❤️seeing this snek in its sweater. 
Was it a total surprise? Did she contact you ahead of time and ask how long Sketti is? Or did she come over with a tape measure and you ask "what are you doing with mah snek?" And she said, "oh nothing..."
I have a pretty bad fear of snakes. I'm working on it though. Your sweet baby is awfully cute in that sweater.
Aww. Not aww, but a snake shat on me once while I was holding it. Sprayed bile-looking stuff and bits of bones all over me. Perhaps the sweater can double as a diaper?
There’s a children’s book (it’s very old and maybe out of print) called Crictor. 

It’s about a boa constrictor whose owner knits him a sweater to wear just like this! It was one of my favorite books as a little girl and my daughter now loves it too :) 

Such a cute snake and sweater 
Good Snek.
Idk what’s better...a snake named Spaghetti or a sweater made for a snake ❤️
Nah not at all lol. It's more of a tube for him to just park in, it doesn't really effect him all that much, he slithers right out of it when he's bored
Many of my family members were slaughtered by this beast, do not trust snek!
If snakes are cold blooded. Is the sweater actually providing any utility for spaghetti? Isn’t the whole point of sweaters to trap body heat radiated form a persons own body?  
*You named the snake Spaghetti*  
*You named him after spaghetti*  
Aww
I don't even like snakes but this is adorable.
What type of snek is this?
How does the snake move without sliding right out of the sweater?
Danger noodle has a danger sock now. 
I don’t know what I love more; the fact that the snake is wearing a sweater or the fact that his name is Spaghetti. 
Long ass rice
Turtlesnek
He looks happy.
That is the best name for a snake I ever did hear.
Are snakes able to recognize people? 
I just thought about if there is any poisonous snake similar to yours and comes in front of you, how would you know which one is yours?
I wanted a bunny rabbit, I was gonna name it Nathan... that's Latin for 'warm' by the way... Nathan Scott Phillips..
Came here expecting Eminem lyrics. Was moderately dissapointed
You get an upvote just for naming your snake “Spaghetti”
Seems like your corn snek evolved into a 'carpet' snek :)
It’s pronounced Ssssssspaghetti, right? 
What kind of snake is spaghetti? 
That’s the cutest thing I’ve ever seen. Your sister is awesome!
Are pet snakes affectionate or are they just like "You're cool" to their owners? 
I hate snakes.
Can I hug it?
The real question though... is it a scarf a sweater or a onesie?
Snek sock
Danger noodle likes
/r/snakeswithsweaters 
whoa

the video of this is #9 trending on youtube right now.

i don't think i've seen an actual interesting minute-long video from a real-life person on the trending section in like 5 years. it's always filled with late night tv show host garbage, 25 minute vlogs by 30 year olds that are marketed to children, and an occasional rap video.

Come with me and be awed by this.
So not a turtleneck?
He just crawls out of it on his own. It's not stuck to him (no arms to hold it on!)
Cute and eleguant 
Does it... Is a turtleneck sweater?
Spaghetti is literally the best name for a snake ever. I don’t like snakes but a snake named spaghetti makes me wish I had a snake and named it spaghetti.
" I enjoy this, human"
I guess he likes to slytherin...i will see myself out.
[deleted]
Upvote for the name spaghetti really! 
Why is he so damn straight? I thought snakes, like, slithered...
I am sad that I can't see anymore pics of that cutie 
(yet, I am split between cuteness and "eeww snakes", more pics would help the cute side in me to win)
"I can't move my arms!" 
SEAN
Starring: Woolen "Sweater" Snake

Directed by Hideo Kojima. 
#PETA
Somebody toucha my spaghet
The best part is that Spaghetti may be the best name for a snake ever
[deleted]
For some reason I read this as my sister made a sweater out of spaghetti
Now Spaghetti needs a light layer of cheese. 
A sweater won't do anything for a cold blooded animal. The only reason clothes make you warm is because you produce heat and the clothing traps that heat. 
Now I want a snake!
His tail is sweaty, scales weak, charms are heavy.
There's vomit on his sweater already, his name is spaghetti.
Kevin Durant looks cute in this
Aren't snakes coldblooded?
I'm drunk rn so I'll be that one guy. Snakes don't really 'love' anything. They're next to mindless and only care about food, a place to hide and temperature regulation. They're pretty much neutral to everything else. My rosy boa acts like I'm nothing more than an object it's way.
theres snek in his sweater already, mom's Spaghetti
What a noodle
spaghetti = danger noodle
*On today’s episode of Does Reddit Like Snakes...*

Who knows what the answer will be tomorrow 
Spaghetti looks more like a cannelloni now
hey sneke you got beautiful scales. Why you want to cover them.
awww i luv sneks <3
[deleted]
There's sweater on his spaghetti already.
/u/Rancor_Emperor post this in r/snek
Good boy, Spaghetti! 
This reminded me of [Lowly Worm](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lowly_Worm) from the books of my childhood.  Though for some reason I though Lowly Worm was a snake as a kid I guess.  
[ Same tailor?](https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/everythingbusytown/images/c/c2/Lowly-worm.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20100517002240)
snek iz wrm
Can Spaghetti move whilst wearing the adorable sweater? haha
Legit thought you meant for spaghetti noodles. Awesome snake with an even cooler name. 
Psssssssghet-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-ti is the sound he would make if he was a Pokémon. 
Do snakes actually show affection?
Spaghetti is a great name. Almost as good as my friend's python named Trouser. 
Baby it’s cold outsssside
This is exactly what I picture as what happens when someone yells "Ridikkulus" at a snake-shaped boggart
Imagine the phone call between OP and their sister.

Sister: *Hey how long is your pet snake?*

OP: *uuuhhhh, 28 inches, why?*

Sister: *No reason*
Sorry to be 'that guy', but snakes are cold-blooded and thus do not produce their own body heat. Sweaters are made to insulate and keep body heat from escaping through the air. Since snakes do not do this in the first place, the sweater is probably a hopeless cause for reptilian comfort. Actually, the guy would probably be much happier under a warm lamp.


But it's the thought that counts, right?
"I knew I could pull off a *turtle*neck."
"Oh... wow a sweater. Terrific. Just... What a gift. Thank you. This will keep me warm, you know, because of all that *warm blood* in my fucking body."


Rest in Spaghetti, never forgetti.
I need science! For a Warm blooded animal it would help keep body heat in. Does the sweater do anything for the snake, who doesn't generate body heat?
He's mom's spaghetti. <3
Might be cause I am drunk but I picture you're snake screaming in a vegeta tone," women where is my fuzzy snake suit".
His palms are sweaty 
I’m terrified of snakes, but even I have to say this is totally adorable lol spaghetti. that is a really cute name for a snake.
That is the most perfect name for a snake. 

Danger noodle
Am I the only one who thought of a sweater for eating spaghetti?
I Isssss happy and warmsssss
Looks more like a № 13 linguine to me...
DOES HE HAS INSTAGRAM ACCOUNT?
Does your sister have any children? I would like to think some kid out there gets to say “mom’s spaghetti” when talking about the snake. 
My mom crochets draft snakes to block the cold coming inside. I'm gonna have to step extra high over that draft snake next time I visit, because I'll remember this picture. I hate snakes, but congratulations on a comfortable-seeming snake who I assume is very nice. 
https://imgur.com/a/G4VyW
A bit too inconspicuous. What if someone step on snek?
What a cute little sweater
Can spaghetti move in that sweater?
Oh my God so cute!!!!
On the surface he looks calm and sweaty
I showed my husband the photo after reading the captions to him and his first question is "who is Spaghetti?" And then his second question "who does Spaghetti belong to?" He had no other reaction.  Priorities. 
Best. Thing. Ever. Right out of The Far Side. 
his name should be spaghetto.
Yo I'm high as fuck am I seeing this shit right now?
r/titlegore
It's so cute! 
I am terrified of snakes and will now look forward to the many nightmares I am about to endure! Thank you!
serious question: how do sweaters affect snakes? like, does it keep them warm? or will it cause them to overheat in any way?
Hey what are you knitting there?

 A sweater for my snake. What does it look like?

But seriously would you consider making a video of Spaghetti putting on the sweater?

And posting it of course!
Finally... a scaly friend makes it to the front page on this subreddit :~)
Reminds me of a double reed on a bassoon or oboe. 
I don't like serpents, but Spags here looks like a good boy. 
Ugh! Again with people posting snakes that are kind of adorable. I have a phobia, stop confusing me!
As someone who hates snakes, I can't believe how absolutely adorable this is.
What is that? A turtleneck? 
It looks so cute !!!
When your snake rocking a knit like that it ain't a "Spaghetti" it's a "**Swag**hetti"
Fuzzy danger noodle!
Came for the sweater of spaghetti.  Left disappointed.
Spaghetti. Thats fucking awesome
Vacuum your floors once in a while holy moly
Possibly the best name ever for a snake
It's a tube top!
Could she add more rows to make it longer, to cover his tail end? This is adorable 🐍
I’d like to see the video of her putting him in that.
r/sneks gave me a whole new perspective on snakes
I use to see them as just creepy, but that sub showed me that they can have the personality of a puppy!
I love the name Spaghetti for a pet snake!
This is why I come to reddit
I love the name 
A cute snake with a cute name and a cute sweater? Can I visit your family please? :D
don't thread on me!
I like the sssssssssssssweater.
Danger noodle
That's probably the best name for a snake I've ever heard
Spaghetti needs to be an internet sensation!!!!!
I would do anything for you, Spaghetti
How will you know when he wants to come out and fed up of it?
Omg his name is Spaghetti. I love that❤️❤️
More like a boa constricted amirite? 
Time to vacuum
hate to break it to you, but unless that sweater has active heating, then the only benefit that snake will see is not losing any heat to the flooring and looking cute AF.
For a second I thought "who the fuck names their snake Spaghetti?", then I looked at his face. Spaghetti looks comfy.
I like that his name is Spaghetti
This may be the only time a snake has been adorable. But instinct is telling me it’s a trap. 
Your name, is The Enforcer.

I want my name to be Spaghetti. 
Hate to be that guy, but sweaters don't work on cold blooded animals. Sweaters just keep your body heat in, they dont produce heat themselves
[deleted]
What kind of dog *is* that?
The most adorable danger noodle/snek I've ever seen. The sweater/knit tube makes it even cuter.
I think he's fine with winnie the pooh'n it.
Nagini thanks you
Reminds me of a Richard Scarry book. 
Are insulating garments helpful for keeping cold-blooded animals warm? Just wondering. Not trying to diminish your sister's thoughtful gift.
no step on snek!
I can’t decide what’s better. The fact that his name is Spaghetti or the fact that he has a sweater?
I really wish people would stop putting sweaters and shit on their ectotherms. I mean its cute for a photo op or whatever but don't let it hand out like that, you're going to kill it.
https://www.reddit.com/r/videos/comments/7m5s4o/snake_in_a_sweater/?st=JBNGECX1&sh=23acfe24
You named your cat spaghetti?
I'd be surprised if you haven't seen this already, but I thought of you immediately when I saw this u/Androze
Here I am, 10,000 comments down, but I wanted you to know that your sweatered snek was mentioned in another post about the size of Amazon shipping boxes. I hope you read this in time because it is not too far down from this post in r/All. Spaghetti now has Internet fame. It doesn't get any better than that for a snek. Edit. Poster is u/Protanope. 
How are sneks as pets? I assume this is a very chill and friendly type? Sneks arent domesticated like dogs and cats, so just wondering
r/sneks will love your comfy noodle
What kind if dog is this?
Nyeh heh heh! I approve!
Basically Liz Climo in real life
Who in the right mind calls their snake spaghetti?
Aren‘t clothes useless for cold-blooded animals?
That's not spaghetti that's a snake
Snake in the sweater already, sisters spaghetti
It is very nice and I know that reptiles love heat,  
but I am not sure how effective a sweater is on a cold blooded animal that does not produce a large amount of heat.
That's a personal protection scarf.
So pure.

*so pure...*
Venom on his sweater already, moms spaghetti.
[deleted]
Looks more like a Spaghetto to me.
Mmmh … a sweater or a sock?
This makes me want to get a pet snek!
she loves it
Gold is for losers!
["I want my name to be spaghetti"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QEIOGlIy3BA)
For a snake, doesn't a sweater just become a onesie?
Definitely moms spaghetti... “Don’t forget your sweater it’s cold outside.”
well she should have made a vacuum, broom, and DUSTPAN
Does a sweater work for a cold blooded critter?
I'm loving the name spaghetti. For the first time ever it kinda makes a snake cute.
hey sneke you got beautiful scales. Why you want to cover them.
Can he crawl with it on?
2nd place of all time in 1 day... jeebus.
Funny name!
I love the name Spaghetti for a pet snake!
That looks constricting...
How adorable!

I've read some comments calling him  "Danger Noodle".

Cool name for a band, eh??

"Squirmy Sid and the Danger Noodles"

Love him!
My dad and I caught a king snake when we were out in the sticks, he let me hold it and slowly my grip behind it's head loosened enough so it could turn around and bite me.  My dad in turn said "well I guess we'll find out if it's actually a king snake or if it's a corral snake won't we" and laughed. 

Looking back I'm still not sure if he was kidding. 
RemindMe! 4 months
if a danger noodle is in a sweater, that's called a snuggle noodle
Happy constricting!
snakes are cold blooded....
How can you tell? Genuinely curious as I don't own a snake.
I feel attached to spaghett...
"I want my name to be Spaghetti." 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QEIOGlIy3BA
It is ironic that this will not raise his body temperature at all.
To poop on. 
Missed opportunity to nickname him "Long John"
OMG that’s sooo adorable!!!
Not sure how that works considering reptiles are cold blooded, but still pretty neat!
1 in infinity this has ever happened and documented God is laughing 
How long is he? He's cute!
Awww....This reminds me of a guy I met in the UK once.....please flag as NSFW
Danger noodle
This didn't earn u/Rancor_Emperor a top post trophy? Bollocks I say... BOLLOCKS!

Fix this, u/spez.
Wouldn't a sweater be pointless since snakes are cold blooded?
Quick question, how do you get it on him?
[removed]
I have to show this to my husband! We have 4 snakes he he!
Turtleneck?! Interesting choice.
Spaghett! 
Fuck snakes!
Just wanna say that insulation on cold blooded animals is very unhealthy for them as it interferes with their body’s ability to absorb heat or cool off.
He's a sleepo beepo
Can someone make me a few of these? I have a 5ft corn snake, 2 3.5ft ball pythons, a 1ft hognose, and a 6ft boa constrictor. 

I'm in the UK and will happily pay. 

Also interested in a selection of snake and gecko sized hats.
Never knew snakes can be pets !!! Moment of enlightenment. Are these comparable to Dogs and Cats? Still cannot get my head around. So confused right now. Sorry if I offended you in anyway. From where I come from we have been taught to be scared of them !!!
Putting a sweater on a creature that needs to absorb heat from its environment seems counter productive.
There’s vomit on his sweater already, name’s spaghetti.
You guys realize hes cold blooded so its barely gonna warm him right :P
But snakes don't produce their own body heat, so wouldn't this not work?
Think about the animals in these kind of posts, you’re having a giggle about an animal’s discomfort. 
[deleted]
She should've called him Spaghett(O)! Cause Spaghett(I) is plural :/   
[removed]
u/randomosaur 
Sweaty spaghetti 
Spaghetti is the name of my cat, and tater tots was the name of my dog.  
He's gonna be a sweaty Spaghetti.
Nathan Scott Phillips!
That is the cutest thing I've seen all year! 
Move over r/purrito. r/cannolissssssssss is up and coming.
His name's Spaghetti? That's fantastic.
Cozy lil' danger noodle
Is this spaghetti before he’s been boiled?
But....how can you tell?
He looks dangerous. 
Can it move with it on?
I have a corn snake named Spaghetti too! looks just like yours. Merry Christmas!
Danger noodle does a snug
Is it hard caring for a snake?
i doubt snakes are capable of feeling love
hi cutie
Best snake name I’ve ever seen 
I need one of these for my bong
That’s such a cool name lol
But but... snakes don't produce heat do they?
Damn nice sweater there Spaghetti.
/r/snek
Yes but no but ... there are no holes for his arms and legs  

This is so weird but so adorable somehow. He's a charmer srsly.
Moms spaghetti
This is the best thing I’ve seen all day
But Spaghetto can’t move while wearing it without just sliding out, right? 
Do you have a hamster named meatball too?
Aren’t snakes cold blooded? Wouldn’t this fail to make him warm? 
He loves it until he wants to move around
What happens if he tries to move? Does the sweater move with him or does he just slither out of it? It's gotta be the latter right - too much friction between the sweater and the carpet?
This is pure love
Ssssssssssspeghetti
There's a snake inside the sweater already , named spaghetti
Now Spaghetti has macaroni sweater
I love that name 
Everything about this is great! :)
What kind of snek is Spaghetti?
Can he slither around still in it or does he just slither right out of it?
Snuggly Snek!
Just wondering, since snakes don’t generate any endothermic heat, wouldn’t this actually make a snake colder???
How can one guess the emotions of a snake?
@cute nopes
I HAVE THE EXACT SAME RUG and your snake is cute too.
Best name ever! 😊
Snek Sweaters, new from the creator of Kitten Mittens!
Oh look.... A nope rope in a sweater...
My friend had a snek mister called: mr. Long i thought it was a great and appropriate name!
D: 

No arm holes? 
I dont think he likes the colour
Awesome
This thing is awesome and I need he loved it being cold blooded!
post this to /r/sneks
He'll never forghetti
How did spaghetti get into his sweater?
Snek 
Snug danger noodle
He does not,  he simply does not,   ,  ,  look amused.  
I’m impressed that there was not one tube snake comment. Reddit is really growing up
Ophidiophobia 
TIL where a snake's waist is.
Vomit on his sweater already?
ITT:

“Oh what a cute snek”

“Knees weak, arms heavy”
I love Spaghetti
Very handsome angry rope!❤️
Have you trademarked this?
It's cute just those kinds of blankets don't help keep a cold-blooded animal warm. 
Spaghetto*
So sweet...
My dogs name is also Spaghetti 
How would a sweater keep a cold blooded animal warm?
Would this even make him warmer? Since he’s cold blooded isn’t his body temp the same as the ambient temp? So this wouldn’t make any difference.
Thsts awesome! For some reason I don't mind a snake in a sweater. 
Is it your mom's?  
  
^^^^I ^^^^am ^^^^so ^^^^sorry.
does clothing really help a cold-blooded animal? Honest question. I am sure they generate some heat, of course, but it enough for the sweater to be effective?
I also could not resist naming one of my spaghettis “Spaghetti”. ;) 
Quick question: is he able to move around and keep it on or is he only able to sit still? Cute lil noodle by the way :)
I didn't know that I needed to see a snake in a sweater.... But I'm so glad that I got to see Spaghetti in a sweater.  
I don’t know what’s better - your snake’s sweater or his name
Wrap that rascal.
Ok that is hilarious.
This is the cutest thing I’ve seen all day!! Tell Spaghetti I love him ❤️
Maybe an obvious question ... But how does one get  sweater on said snake? 
Worst. Fleshlight. Ever!!!
your nope rope is dope.
ohhhh that’s so cuteeeee
Is that what they call tube snake boogie?
No no no no no...

Spaghetti makes me pee a little.
Sup dog?! Front page! Merry Christmas. 
Mom's spaghetti
Hah!
I think he might be crying for help.
Mom’s spaghetti?
Pet snakes huh, think I want one
It's a long bunny rabbit, huh?
It's sssssuper
SO CUTE!
What happens when he swallows a rabbit? 
How can you tell?
I have that same carpet.

I bet a reptile feel very happy living as a pet...
Now there’s no excuse if you step on snek


I am now aware that snake sweaters are a thing. 

This is a truly wonderful Christmas. 

Thank you OP. 
For some reason I just cranked up tube snake boogie by ZZ Top
That’s a weird lookin spaghetti 
Too much starch ,,, that is a king cobra about to strike !!

This is why I want a snake.
I could not stop laughing when I saw this.  Rad :)
LMAO
White people crazy af bro
My palms are sweating just looking at this...
I misread the title as "My sister made a sweater out of spaghetti", *Oh this aughta be good* I thought - AWW ITS A LITTLE SNEK
This makes me regret not getting my ten year old daughter the snake she asked for. 
MOM'S spaghetti. 
Does she use heat lamps in its enclosue if she thinks the house is too cold for it?
Ahhhhhhhhhh!!!
Theres vomit on the sweater already. Moms Spaghetti
Call me spaghetti! -aqua teen hunger force
I was in a bar on a greek island one summer and went up to a girl to try and pick her up. I asked what her name was and she said it was Spaghetti. Im like, no its not. She replies 'fuck you my name is Spaghetti'
That is a danger noodle if I've ever seen one.
If your sister "mothers" him, and he vomits on the sweater she made....

Aren’t snakes cold blooded
Awww
🎵 The best time to wear a snek sweater, is aaall the time 🎵
Impressive Rancor pup
Why is there no need for it?
I spy a danger noodle
Snakes don't produce oxytocin, right?
Pretty.
Spaghetti is very cozy!! :)
Seriously though,  how did you get him into it!?
*It'ssss good*

   -Spaghetti 
There is a book called Crictor about a lady knitting a sweater for a snake, just like this. My mom made my snake one too a few years ago, because of this book!
Read of spaghetti at first.

How THAT would look like I wonder...
Adorable!!
Good name!
Do snakes get itchy? 
if people start putting knitting on pet cockroaches id probably feel equally weirded out
I know what I'm making for my cornsnek this year. 
[I want my name to be Spaghetti](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QEIOGlIy3BA)
.
Make a longer one and stick his head in one end and when he comes out the other make it into an infinite loop, he will never find the end.
This is a good candidate for /r/photoshopbattles 
I want my name to be spaghetti. 
Spaghetti is awesome!  (And so is your sister for knitting g some cool duds!)
That's a dangerous hecking noodle right there. Stay safe
Not Nathan Scott Philips?!
[deleted]
Danger noodle sweater.
I have a 5 foot corn snake that looks very similar to this one and i would LOVE to put o e of these and a mini top hat on him
This is just one super long turtle neck. 
EVERYTHING about this. 😍😍😍
