She has recreated the expression more faithfully. Step it up dude, open that mouth.
My first thought was, "damn, y'all still got the crib?"
Then realized that's probably a stairway or something.
Either way y'all are adorable.
You both have the same haircut 22 years later.
This is so wholesome. You two are adorable.
Glow Up gang
I hope this isn't insensitive, but I'll never know the answer unless I ask. My wife and I are considering adopting a child. We already have 1 biological (she is 7), but there are so many kids who need a family already.

As a black man in America, how does being adopted by a white family play into your daily life and your social group? I know in an ideal world, race shouldn't matter but, I think it is important to recognize and understand where we came from and the challenges marginalized groups have experienced. It's the only way we grow.

When my wife and I met with another couple who had adopted children, one of the questions was had we thought about the ramifications if we adopted a child that was of a different culture and race than us. I left that discussion pretty sure, "oh no, it wouldn't matter. I would love my child unconditionally", and while that is true- I had some doubts too now.

How can I, a white man living in the suburbs, ever be able to accurately educate and explain to my child the differences he or she would face as a black person in America? I can certainly read about it and listen to experiences, but I did not have to go through even the unconscious bias that does exist.

The closest I can relate is that I spent about 5 years living in a predominantly black neighborhood in Atlanta when I was a kid and I was the only white kid in my social group. And still, things were different for me because I was white. I remember my friends and I were being typical 12 year boys and we built some sweet ramps and were jumping them with our bikes. A cop stopped by and questioned us about where we got our bikes from. And by us, I mean my friends. He didn't even so much as ask where I lived. The cop was black too. It was one of my first ever encounters with the police and I had no idea that was just a microcosm of the differences of interactions you will have with society based on your skin color.

We thought if we did adopt a child of another color, it could be a good thing to get them involved with the Big Sister/Big Brother program with someone who shared their background to give them the support and guidance on certain situations from their first hand experience vs what my wife or I could convey theoretically based on what we read or saw online.

Just curious about your experience growing up in a multicultural family and how that plays/played into your social dynamics. Especially in today's social climate.
This is absolutely precious! 🤗
Aww this is great, I remember your original post!
Very wholesome :)
Hate to break it to ya, but your sis might be adopted
How old were you when this was taken? I had a foster brother that looked a lot like you back in the late 80s. My family tried to adopt him (Zack) but we were told we couldn’t because ‘white families didn’t adopt black children’

https://imgur.com/a/IQze3Q8

I mean. We all look a lot alike when we are kids but that’s pretty damned close.
When I first saw the title and photo I thought to myself: "Wait, what? Why is her sister a man??" 
I definitely need more sleep.
Oh my god. Awesome. 

My first photo with my sister probably can’t be recreated, since our dad is holding her after getting off the plane with her. He’s 80 now, so...probably not a great idea. I’m offering her a green bear-shaped teething ring I saved up my allowance money to buy. (Not pictured: her batting it away and busting into tears lol)

Now I kind of want to try to recreate some of our more iconic photos, though. In particular, one taken on Easter where we’re both posing in pastel sailor dresses and I leaned over to bite her on the ear. (To clarify: if we stage a re-enactment, I will *not* bite her this time.)
Oh god I remember your earlier post and one of you responded to my comment that you will recreate the picture. Thank you, and both of you look fantastic :)
Dorky happy siblings. It's bloody lovely.
[OP delivered!](https://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/gmqxn3/i_was_adopted_22_years_ago_this_is_the_first/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf)

You guys are still adorable:)
Lol the family resemblance goes beyond genetics. You were meant to be brother and sister. 

I love adoption success stories.
“I’m adopted”

*slams the cabinet* “WHO TOLD YOU?”
u/blackmachine312 this pic is awesome. Has anyone ever told you that you look like andre 3000?
Let's all face the elephant in the room here. Those walls do not match.
This is nice, I hope I'm able to recreate an image when I'm older
This is so cute, I love this! I’m glad you guys made it happen!
I love these kind of photos. They're always so wholesome 💞
Gonna sort by controversial. Wish me luck.
Oh my gosh your baby faces are too cute.
Love the fringe she's rocking. And mate, you both look full of life in both pictures. Tips?
That's a strong ass crib.
This is the cutest goddamn shit I’ve ever seen. Excellent work
/r/PastAndPresentPics would love this
Reminds me of This is Us.
Looking at this picture makes me want to have children of my own. Unfortunately I'm too ugly and socially akward for any woman to like me 😣
Love doesnt have labels

Love doesnt care about race

Love is love.
You both were chubby babies and now pretty cool adults. Good. 😊
I like how all mouths are open in the before & after.
Nailed it nicely!
Love the fact that youre clearly taller but still commiting to the head levels :P
Very little has changed <3
Awesomeness ❤✔
Your sister kinda looks like Kelly Clarkson! Lol.
Crazy that people actually like their siblings
Y'all are adorable
you are both the cutest!!
Your sister still pulls off the bangs so well! And you like nice with your mustache, young man.
OMG You guys are still as cute as ever!
Posting with the pics side-by-side was a clutch move.  Thanks for sharing your adorable family moment with us :)
You two are so cute!!
We gotta let them outta that crib...
I wish I was this close with my sister. Btw which one of you is adopted?
You both look like you’d have contagious laughs!
Your parents should really start transitioning you out of that cot
Inspired me to post a similar pic of my kids. https://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/haepsh/inspired_by_a_similar_post_my_son_and_daughters/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share
130k in 6 hours Jesus Christ this ticks all of the Reddit boxes
I’ve been waiting for this! It’s so freaking cute!
She was a lot more angry as a child
How in the fuck do you have a 3 month old Reddit account with 300k Karma
I gonna assume one of you is adopted.  I tell my biological children that I got to choose their younger siblings whereas I was stuck with you guys. Lol just some parent humor.
Whoa whoa whoa, something is wrong here. That railing is totally different between the two pictures.
This is great!
Didn't paint the wall behind you, not accurate enough.  

Just kidding, this is pretty funny
You matched the excitement level!
I don’t understand how you both became even more adorable?!
Nice
Love it
Is she still taller than you?
She’s obviously not your sister. Look at the different color shirts the girls are wearing in the two pictures.
I love how she tried to recreate the face but you didn’t 😂 still super adorable though
Idk why but the first picture made me actually laugh out loud, it’s so cute and I can only imagine your sister screaming while the picture is taken😂
Which one is which?
Your smile makes me smile, so much happiness in your face. Take care of each other
cutest kids!
What a sweet photo!
Apparently your sister’s hair *has not changed* in decades.
I just naturally assumed your sister posted so was confused for a second
Love it
Bruh, that’s wholesome as hell
300k+ karma in 3 months bruh
oh boy time to sort by controversial :D
Which one is the recreation?
I was gonna call you out on reposting this, then I realized I only recognize the left photo. Then I remembered the comment about recreating the photo, 

Basically put, Im a dumbass and thanks for the follow through!
So cute!
The first picture of me and my sister is of me sucking on duplo blocks and my sister looking at me like 'what a degenerate'
I saw this before

Edit: same guy
Well this is the sweetest thing ever.
Awww what beautiful pictures! It's perfect.
why have you not been released from the crib in all these years?
I know you too are related because both of you share the same smile.  :)
Aww...I commented on your first post with just the baby picture...You guys are still adorable !!!
This is so cute hope you both are still as happy as when you were kids.
Y’all look so cute!
I’ve been waiting for this since the first pic was posted. I wasn’t disappointed.
I physically laughed this. Super cute.
Are adopted? No offense just wondering.
THIS IS SO SWEET & CUTE! I love it 🥰
I remember seeing the original on r/pics definitely update the thread! [I was adopted 22 years ago. This is the first picture with my older sister.](https://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/gmqxn3/i_was_adopted_22_years_ago_this_is_the_first/fr5fdrn?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web2x)
OP you were suppose to go “ahh” too not put out a great smile lol, you guys are adorable!
I like that you guys look so happy in both of them.
Y'all are adorable!
You guys rocks !
Its fake. The wall is a different color
You guys are adorable!!
Sorry to break it to you buddy one of you is adopted
This is adorable 🥺
You guys are adorable! 😁
Awww too sweet
The crib sure lasted long
As a half white half black guy growing up in an all white family, this hits home and it's f'n adorable.
So wholesome. I love it! You both look like genuinely happy people
Those smiles are highly contagious.   😀
Look how adorable! I love these sorts of pic recreations. You both look so happy.
Its rare to see a girl who keeps her fringes
THIS IS FUCKING GOLD and heart warming as shit
I saw the original post to the left when it was posted a few months ago or however long ago it was.
omg your sister still has the exact same chubby cheeks
oh man this is CUTE
And this is why i enjoy reddit
*cracks knuckles*

*sort by controversial*

Aaayyyuuup, that's about what I expected
Dude don’t tell her but I think your sister might be adopted...

Love the photo by the way
Stop, this is so cute.
Reddit comment section is a battlefield.
I love this so much!!!
Nope, your sister was more committed. Try it again 😂🎬
Now everyone here wanting to wait 18 years to make one of these with their kid.
How is this r/aww material
She's a lot better at recreating her face.
You need to squat down a little lower :)
Sorry for the comments, I hope you don't take them to yourself too much.
Everyone liked that
This is awesome! It made my day.
Lil' Nas X & Jennifer Lawrence
Came here from your profile, but wow!
I needed this. I'm having a bad day and this post just made me smile!
How are they both just as cute in the after picture??
\*raises hand\* I'm going to have to ask what is probably a really dumb question, but I'd rather be honest about asking a dumb question than remain ignorant out of embarrassment.

So... How do you end up with siblings of two different races? 

Legit question. I thought parents of different races produced kids with a blend of races?
Lmao I love it when people just look only _slightly smaller and pudgier_ as babies

It's so cute!!!
This is the best thing I’ve seen today. Thank you for sharing some joy.
Nice, I looked at your profile, you seem like a good bloke
Awww!!! This is so beautiful! Sibling love!
Family isn’t defined by blood.
This picture warms my heart. Happy for both of you. Beautiful siblings
[removed]
Is it just me, but shouldn't they be attempting to make the same faces? At least the same colored clothing?

Just going to the same spot is a lame attempt.
SO sick of some of the racists on here. I don’t care if you downvote this. But I’m going to say this. JUST BECAUSE THERE IS A PERSON OF COLOR IN A PHOTO, DOES NOT MEAN THAT IT IS SOME RACIAL/POLITICAL STATEMENT. People are ALLOWED to like and appreciate content that doesn’t exclusively feature white people. Black people are ALLOWED to be intelligent, beautiful, adorable, successful, and everything else without you policing them and accusing them of achieving what they do BECAUSE of their skin color. Check your damn selves and introspect as to why you only get selectively outraged when you see black people (or black babies) EVER receiving ANY sort of positive platform. 

And, what a lovely photo. You two are beautiful.❤️
Awesome 😊
Hey, you're almost as tall as her now!
You really are a machine on reddit
Hahaah so cute 

This put a smile on my face love it

Thank you
This is awesome
I love these so much.
I love it!
The hair hasn't changed!!  You two are still adorable!
Where the scream at ?? Woohooo !!! Great going guys !!!
So have you guys been rocking the same hair this whole time?
Yes! I was hoping I'd get to see the recreation photo pop up! A happy Tuesday indeed :)
I wish the 10 year challenge last year was somewhat close to how adorable this pic is!
Beautiful :-)
This is very sweet and cute haha! 🤣
Too much teeth, not enough tongue. 7/10
are you two sweeeeet or what! adorable
Cute!!
This made me smile,Thank you for posting
why do the facial expressions never match up with these type of photos 😅
I love these so much
I have never anything more amazing!!!
Wow that’s wildly cool
Love, love, LOVE this
I smiled so hard! Haven't had the chance to smile like this in ages!
You guys are wholesome.
Where's Kevin?
This is so wholesome I love it
Your sister hasn't changed at all..
She still has the same smile. Your smile developed more once you got your adult teeth. 🤣😂❤❤
Why do you both look exactly the same lmao. Cute picture though, if I asked my brother to do with me he'd knock me spark out
Not again
🤣🤣 I love it, this is so heartwarming. You two are awesome.
Gotta say the man looks stylish with the facial hair.
You should do it with the same expression, too.  

"AAAAUUURRRGGHH!" "WAAHAHA"
This is the best subreddit on the entire planet. I truly mean that.
Goddamn your sisters cheeks make me feel like an old lady wanting to pinch them
Gorgeous both of you!
You should do another one and try to recreate the dumb kid expressions you have in the original.
Baby you makes me think of Samira Wiley! You guys are adorable past and present.
this is amazing, i love it.
Were the people at the store mad you climbed into a crib for this?
people always point at the bad, but there is also happines
Did your mom ever tell your dad....that the wall color looks great
I love this!
That is the is most certainly Awwwwww <3
Why isn't your mouth open, Seymour? You said you recreated your first picture together, despite the fact your mouth is obviously closed.
Hi, I'm Blackmachine312 and welcome to my Crib:-)
Bro you sure you had a mustache back then?
I did something similar with my cousins. :^)
Cuties then and now!
Very wholesome
Glad to know you guys are doing well :)
Your sister needed to wear the same shirt. Then it would be perfect.

All jokes aside, that’s pretty neat
I love how your are in the crib still -  that's so cute!!
How cute! You are both great looking adults too.
so cute ❤️
You're so cute!
This is so dang cute.
Don’t miss an all new This Is Us tonight on NBC.
awhhh
At first I thought it was the same crib
Well you guys are too cute. Love this.
I love this so much
This is really refreshing to see thank you for posting this, this is what I like to see 🤜🏾🤛🏻
RGIII?
The baby picture just looks loud very loud
This is too dang cute !!!!
Première fois que je reconnais quelqu'un sur Reddit!
Twins? Before people start in on me, I know not identical. I’m not stupid.
Thats gold
Different colors....

The walls, you guys. The walls.
This is too cute
Finally! So glad you 2 followed through.
This is cute, and it's amazing she is still taller than you!
Wearing the same pattern shirts would have made it perfect
I love this so much!!! It’s my favorite post I’ve seen all week.
I was waiting for this actualization.  
You both seem so happy. Nice!
Still cute multiple years later
You guys really look like you've had a really happy childhood together.
[deleted]
 Looks like you guys created a lifetime bond.
RGIII.
You guys look like you got spaghetti-O's all over the place. Adorable as kids though.
You guys are adorable!!!
Is she super tall or are you just crouching down?
...at first i was all, like, dude, your sister kind of looks like a man...
I was like, but he's a man, how could he be her sister. I know I'm dumb
you both are SUPER CUTE
Aww 😍.. Gorgeous¡! keep the smile
That’s adorable!
They could have bought them a new crib in all this time. Some people are just cheap!
Who's still sleeping in a cradle?
Awwww man you did the wrong face!
You two barely grew!
Y'all are just adorable.
I can see the family resemblance!
This is the most adorable thing I've seen today. And I've been looking at pictures of puppies.
Ah yes, Miley Circus and Rodrigo Rich
Joy
So cute how you both kept your cheeks!
You both are just as cute as you were then.
I love scrolling through reddit and when I see a sweet picture I say “aww” out loud lol this is so wholesome
You guys are too cute!  We have all been waiting for this picture!
That's the cutest shit i ever seen
your faces in the recreation are adorable omg
Glad to see this at the top. As soon as we can realize we are all in this together and noone is better than the next then we can start to move forward..
Me reading the headline - “who posts a photo of themselves in r/aww”?
Me seeing the picture: “AWWWWWW!!!”
'don't fix it if it ain't broken'
Brother from another Mother

Sister from a different Mister
Ok this is super cute 💙💜
Thats cute
Your smile has changed so much! Hers, not so much. I love both.
Dude you need to get in touch with your black side cause that hairline is hurting my guy.
That UPS driver and your mom have some explaining to do!
Crazy how much you all look alike
This is absolutely heartwarming. Thanks for posting this. It landed extra well as me and my gf are looking into adoption.
🤜🏿🤛🏻 this is good
hmm adorable!! but both of you look much cuter in the left pic
Shes still taller than you hahah
I love how you are both yelling in the first pic... like 'THIS SIBLING THING IS GOING TO BE AWESOME!'
this is too good
Does your sister bathe in the blood of virgins???

She literally hasn't aged. What's her secret?
Wait a second...
your hair didn't grew much lol
Looks like she told you the first time to scream at the camera when mom says cheese
I legit love this so much. ♥️
That is super cute! 🥰
I don't think there's half as much screaming going on in the second one.
IM JUST A KID AND LIFE IS A NIIIIIGHTMAAAAARE
Between the cheeks and the hairline in the baby pic you look like am old man, but tiny
In a cute way
OMG SO CUTE!!!!!
Aw thats super sweet
This is too freaking adorable. Nice work!!
Nevada left da crib
Love it! ❤
I love these recreated photos!
Awwww!
Yeeees, finally!!!!
This is the best photo in the history of this subreddit!
Damn that crib was made well to last this long.
So cute!!!! My brother and I want to do the same.
Still cutie pies! The mum in me is like awwww.
Come on man, at least try to wear clothes that look like the ones you wore while taking that pic.

/s this is actually really nice
Cuuute both of you, then and now
This is so beautiful:')
lol, was gonna current you look baked but hol' up... baby you looks baked too!
This is precious!
Aww this is so cute!!
Y'all are too cute!
Cute
Omg this is fkgn adorable
 Cool Beans! 😁👍🏽👏🏼
Awe! Adorable!
Recreating pictures is the good cheese
So cute!
Good luck 👌
This is so cute. You guys kept the same smiles. Awww
This makes me so happy.
What a lovely picture!
That's cute
Yall look so similar, twins?
Do you want to tell them or me?
I remember when the original was posted not too long ago! Glad to see the “follow up”
I love everything about this picture :)
awww
Cute then cuter now!
This is the purest thing I've seen in a while an put a big old smile on my depressed face thank you
You guys look so cute. 😂😂
BLACKMACHINE312,now thats a name as good as mine
That's amazing mate.
Still a couple of heartbreakers
That's just so cute!
This confused the shit out of me... I read the title and looked at the first picture, then in the second one I realised you were a guy! I think my brain read the post title expecting it to be 2 sisters even though it didn’t say that 😂
Which one is the recreation?
This is just adorable.
This is to wholesome
You guys are so adorable! As babies and as adults! Your sister's face still looks the same
Step bro what are you doing
This most definitely made me teehee in the best way possible
Cuuute, I love how she has the polished adult version of her toddler haircut!
🤣🤣🤣 this is awesome
Nice!
Needs more slobber, my dude.
I'm sorry but one of you is adopted
She looks the exact same only older!
Your smile😍Those smiles😍😍
That's the best thing I've seen in months !
You’re the Star Wars LEGO guy. You are double Reddit famous now. Lol.
Who is going to tell him
Ole' This Is Us lookin ass. . .
you are killing me! this is awesome!
That's so cute, lol! Gotta love the happiness in both of their faces
Sista aged beautifully
My mom and brother did something like this! We have an old picture from about two years after I was born (so my brother was 5) from a set of Christmas pictures where my brother is sitting between my mom's legs and they're both on the floor. They retook it recently and it's quite hilarious. My brother is 19 now and is the tallest person in my immediate family. It was so funny watching them attempt to copy it
She still taller than you? : )
I wish i had a brother *cries in girl only family*
Wow seems great...
I love This is Us
Holy heck dude u actually just got to the FRONT page of reddit with out any filters
I love this photo, simply it’s literally full of happiness :)
That's so cute. I should do that with my sisters.
You look like RGIII, NFL QB. Cute family pic.
You two gave me a very nice laugh this morning.  I think you both!
this is us
you guys need some "drool" in the recreation :D
Aww you’re so cute! Both of you guys!
So sweet ❤️💗
But you look the same.
This is sweet and funny!
awesome
😅😛😅
Bruh I am litrally crying rn. This is so cute ❤️
Excellent !!!!!!!!
I love how her hair cut is still the same too lmfao. Super cute!
Adorable!!!
Fantastic
This is too cute
You had the same haircut for the entire life, or did you do that specially for this.
This is sooo cuteeeeee
Aaaaaaaaaaawwwwww you guys are cute then and now ❤
There is a video on Youtube about this post. 
DAMN ! 



https://youtu.be/dQw4w9WgXcQ
cute
That's so dope!!! 🥰🥰🥰🥰
bruh look like RG3
Thats awesome!
That's fantastic
This is awesome.
So cute!
Love it! Cutie pies-Your so adorable
My older sister twin brother and I did something similar, but it was our first time in a hot tub pic. She was twelve and we were six. It didn’t go well, she lost her footing and went under, my brother and I went to grab her and pull her up but we ended up going under with her. Dad ended up having to haul us out by our hair. It was kinda funny.
Your sister looks so happy to have you as a brother!
Lovely , I hope the cradle was strong enough to hold both of you now.😀😀
Love this, so cute:)
She looks like jaiden animations lol
I can see they are related. Just look at the smiles
So sweet!!!
Right looks like the expression I gave my mom when I wanted ice cream to make room in the freezer
Your smile makes me happy. It's just so shining and you can see that happines in it. Thanks for posting this :)
I fucking love this you made my day
I just woke up after the BLM protest in Salem Or and my old ass is wrecked. I feel like I got run over by a truck after marching and everything.

I got on aww looking for something to motivate me to get up and do stretches to rehab myself enough to get coffee and this adorable picture did it for me.
Adorable !!!!
[deleted]
What an awesome family!
Pam: They’re the same picture.
Damn, y’all are adorable
OMG BLACK AND WHITE SIBLINGS? UPVOTEEEEEEEE
FINALLY I HAD ALMOST FORGOT ABOUT THIS!!!!! THIS IS AWESOME!!!!
seriously made my day :) This is so adorable and cute!!!
This isn’t right! He’s not opened his mouth far enough and she doesn’t look as mean enough! Great pic!
Amazing.
So cute!!!!
Àaaaahhhhh you're both still so damn cute!
Ngl i remember your original post and I thought you were both girls
Happy siblings.  Congratulations!🎈🎊🍾
Y’all are serious cuties! I would say “glow up” if it weren’t for being so cute from the beginning!
Your sister has really stepped up her hair game.
Time to sort by controversial!
Stepbrother!
Okay, y'all are not as cute as the first picture!

But It looks like you kept a strong bond, 

a bond that will be with you both your whole lives!!!

for the lucky ones the love for a little brother always stays strong.
I don't think you guys are related, you two have different colored hair
Karma farming and cringe as fuck.
Looks like you guys created a lifetime bond.
To be honest, I thought OP was a girl in the first photo
Nice
Your sisters bangs had a major glow up
This made my day after going through a rough day. Thank you
You look like really happy people! 😁
Mom has some "splainin' to do
It amazes me how stupid people are in this thread.
That's so cute!!! I love these kinds of pictures. They make me smile a lot.
OMG you guys are adorable.
Y'all are adorable
That's great!
She looks happier in the more recent one haha
I’ve been waiting for the recreation pic! So cute!
💞💞
It's you two, again! Gosh, so wholesome. Thanks for indulging us!
So happy I got to see the end result of this🎉🎉🎉
This makes my heart happy
allllll grownnnn up
You’re both still just as cute!
Are you biological siblings?
This is so cute!
Nothing changed. I wish you and your sister a lifetime of happiness :)
Lots of humans on /r/aww lately... I come here to look at animals.
Who’s gonna tell them...
ADORABLE!
This makes me smile.
I've been waiting for this since I saw the first picture haha
You look like you're a really big dude
I'm glad that the first time I saw it I was like "aw that's cute" and that this was completely normal. Rather then woah one of um adopted.
Aren't you the same dude that made the Lego space ship thingy?
She must have felt pretty safe growing up introducing you as her "baby brother" LOL
Well this is precious af
Are your parents both mixed race?
You and your sister are adorable.
Why are you both still so cute??
I hate to tell you this but those are not the same colour.

Her top is a different colour and it's triggering me.
What are your doing none biological bro
Not an hour old and you're on the top of r/all's Hot right now.
One of these is not like the other.
[removed]
Aww, you're so cute!
Wonder why admins put this one on the front page lol
I love this!!! So cute!!!
This has insane amount of upvotes for some reason. Am I missing something here? There are lot of these types of pictures out there. No hate just confused.
you two are so cute oh my god
Damn, this guy is a Karma god.
This is a great picture. You look so much happier now.
Well worth the wait!
Geez.... you’re really milking this aren’t you?
so cute
Too cute!
❤️
Why are we pandering do much right now with interracial photos. It's a cute pic but only has 100k likes because of what is going on. Are people so shocked that we get along with black people? Should I start posting all my memories with my close friends for internet points?
:)
Lmao nice
I love your smiles!
They look like the Pearson's family, big two!
Hold it! That's clearly not the same fence!!

Seriously though, adorable ♥
That’s good content right there. This is just perfect.
Very cool!
Looks like the crib has also grown up!
Amazing y'all still had the crib
>I’ve reported a picture of your ex.
I automatically assumed your sister grew a moustache I don’t know why
Is your dad Dr. Ian Malcolm?
OP looks just like RGIII.
Hahaha, damn. I love this
Charlie... Did you ever notice that your kids sort of got this year-round tan?
She looks angry in the first pic!  lol
This is why I Reddit.
Still both super cute 😍😍
uvbir
She only has one hand on the rail instead of two, literally unviewable **flips table**
Haha thanks for the laugh. 😂
thanks for following up and actually recreating this! good job OP
Is she still taller? ;)
This is a repost
They have the most adorable noses!
Lit
You almost look like RG3! Very similar smiles.
This made me smile.   So adorable!
Needs more drool!
hahaha love it!!!
You said 2 months!!!! Ill take it!!! 💜
“It’s like watching old people screw.”  Meaning it’s not unenjoyable, but you’d rather not.
Damn dude's farming karma like a pro dividing his post in three
That clearly isn't your sister.  She's WAY taller than you in the first picture!
That is so friggin cute!
Her cheeks gotta be a little more red 🤣
Same height too?
How much taller are you than her in person.
Kristen Ledlow’s your sister?
Amazing man...
Love it!!!
Good job OP
Thanks for the insight! We are really early and just talking to people to discuss and really trying to understand from all perspectives.


You have a unique perspective and I appreciate you sharing with me!
I wish he made more of an effort to make the exact same face because the girl totally looks the same but because of the tilt and different expression it's not as clear with the guy
She looks like a girl version of James from odd1sout
Happier and with your mouth open
What a great idea! :-D
Love this
Great!

Looking forward to another one, 10 years hence!
Are you twins?
She looks less scared in this new pic, you look happier
No you didn’t. You just smiled in the second one. Not a recreation. At least she tried to replicate it.
So cute
Something is off here....the crib looks different
haha - is she still taller than you, or are you just deliberately recreating the height difference?
Don't let the door hit ya where the good lord split ya! 
Come hell or high water.
Katy bar the doors.
Cut his/her water off!
It slung itself aloose 
(Texas sayings)
Omg u two r cute
So cute ❤️
Whoa I thought this was my high school girlfriend for a second, looks just like her in both pics! she definitely didn't have a brother though.
Super cute!
Let me guess... same father, different mothers?
I'm impressed with not only the fact that you still have the crib, but you both fit in it. Me & any one of my my sibs would destroy any crib we squeezed ourselves into. 

OH and ABORBS!
Wonderful!
What is the fence from, in the first on it looks like a crib but i dont know why you would be in the same crib and i'd guess the second one would be from a fence by stairs?
Yes you did it! Thank you!
Cuteness overload.
Still rocking the bangs 20 years later, respect.
BrattySis
That is so cute. Your sister has the same hair cut! It works!
The most amazing part of this image is the continued presence of the crib after all of these years. Though I guess it does not look the same.........
So who is the adopted one here?
Correct me if I'm wrong was the left picture posted stand alone some weeks ago? And this is an update?
Fucking adorable
I think I’ve seen this one
hey man she has two hands on the crib and in the recreation, there's only one, come on man lmfao.
Aww I loves these lol
So cute
