I got as excited as he did when he found the ball
Blindness aint gonna stop him from having fun
Please get this dog a beep ball used for blind baseball players!!!!  He’s adorable
Holy shit, the resolution on this video
You should post on r/greyhounds ! 
Im not having a great christmas, this really made me smile. Thank your sister for being awesome.
My blind dog loved fetch too. It was always fun y when people would pull the fake throw crap on him, and he wouldn't fall for it.
Lol that butt pat at the end 

"WHO DID THAT" 
Damn, that dog is pretty. 
As a blind person, watching this really made me smile.
Just for having this dog you are awarded 150 thousand angel points. Thanks. 
Adorable. Does he have a [bumper halo?](https://muffinshalo.com) 
What a beautiful grey!
We had a dog that had bad eyesight.  When I threw the stick, he stood there and waited.  After it thumped against the ground he ran to that spot and started sniffing around until he found it.  

Also, Newfie.  They're not into running.
What the heck did you film this on? It looks like I’m there IRL
What a sweet pup.  My blind Pekingese loved to hoard his doggie biscuits in a little pile his dog bed  and then stand guard over his treasure, daring his sighted doggie siblings to steal them.   They tried but he usually sensed them coming and sounded the alarm.  He also took inventory nightly and would bork if he thought one was missing.   At some point my husband was afraid the biscuit loot would attract ants and threw them out.  That did NOT go over well.  Husband was never allowed near the dog bed again without a very loud “Back off thief!” bork.  We nicknamed him Scrooge McPup.  
oh! my heart! what kind of dog is he? 
It's gotta be tough being sighthound and not having your sight. That dog seems really happy though!
Greyhounds are such amazing dogs. I would love to rescue one someday. 
Greyhounds make such good family pets. 
What a handsome boy!
My blind dog is also obsessed with fetch. 
Why not use a ball with a little bell in it? Let the pup use the sound to find and follow it 
I have two Greyhounds. I’m never going back to any other breed. These animals are unbelievable. Please tell your sister for me that her grey is freaking gorgeous! 

Edit: wait, now I’m confused. Is this a small Greyhound or a big Whippet boy? 
Hey OP tell your sister that you can spray scents on toys that the dog can use to find the toy. My uncle trains his bird dog by spraying bird scent on it (or something like that) and then throws it really far away in tall grass and has his dog retrieve it by smell. I bet a blind dog would be really good at that
Seems like we've had a few blind gray hounds here. Is blindness common with this breed?
My poor blind dog passed away today:( hope everyone has a great holiday
As an Australian Shepard lover, I lost my mind on that blue merle! 
My dog got cataracts when she was one years old. She was equally enthused by finding the blurring disappearing thing.
I wonder if they don't make scented balls to help tracking it down easier?
Looks like a fawn
What kind of dog
r/slammywhammies
At first I didn't read the title. Though "wow, grey hounds have no fetching skill"
She's a seeing-eye person!
I just left a comment but this makes me so happy I'm leave another comment saying this video makes me happy. 
That’s not a dog that’s a fawn
I read that as two sentences: My Sister's blind. Dog loves fetch. 
I just cheered when he found it.  Was rooting hard for the pupper
That is so heartwarming. Thank you for loving him so much. 
If that ain’t the sweetest thing I’ve seen today, and I’ve been browsing the aww sub all day!
What camera did you use for this?
My dog is blind too and I always throw it with a thump so she knows where it is. She loves it when she finds the toy and just runs around with it! Great video :) 
ow, my heart <3 
Hey, so get your sister to rub the ball under her armpit and let the dog sniff it. Then throw it far. My german Shepard got really good at finding her tennis ball.
Easily the most adorable thing I've seen all month. 
This is the best christmas gift I'm going to get this year and I'm 100% ok with that.
I would die for this dog.
Why is that I am imaging what is running through his mind? "Here? Here?! NO HERE!!! HA HA! YES YES YES YAASSSS!" 
I love. 
OMG! He’s so happy! He’s so happy just to get the ball! Get the ball, get the ball, get..theeeeeee...BALLLLLLLLL
/r/aww loves blind dogs? Oh, man. I gotta show you guys my girlfriend's dog tomorrow. Blind cocker spaniel that LOVES throws.
Being one of the fastest animals on earth and blind. I wish he/she had a football field sized enclosure with pillows on the walls.
I love everything about this dog and video.
How did you unlock the gold skin
When my uncle's dog started going blind, we started playing fetch in the garage.

I'd throw the ball against the door and she'd follow the sound as it bounced back.
Our Boston Terrier was blind for the last four years of his life. I'll never forget when it first happened, he was depressed for a week or so - he was barely eating or drinking, so we took him to a vet and upon the realization he was blind, the vet recommended we put him down. Needless to say we did no such thing and once he got used to this new way of life, he lived out the rest of his years just as hyper and happy as always, he just bumped into walls every once in awhile. The best part was even after going blind, whenever we said "Seuss get your toy!" he'd run right to wherever it was and bring it back...blind or not, he kept tabs on those toys. He died five years ago and I still cry over how much I miss him sometimes, but videos like this make me think of him and smile :)
At first I read “My blind sister’s dog loves fetch” and my first thought was, “wow, I hope that dog is more coordinated when it is guiding her through traffic.”
Super impressed with his ability to find the ball after just tapping it and super quick and accurate
*pats him on the butt*

What THe FuCk waS THat!?
This makes me so so so happy
So cool i had a blind dog someone left in the desert
I used to leave food for him on the side of the road where he hung out .
After a month i was able to catch him.
I did not no he was blind until i saw he could see his food...he was such a cool dog...had to put him down ...he got attacked by killer bees...i was not home...he was a sweetheart
I've been in the presence of greyhounds. You really have no control if they want to take off. Theres nothing you can do to really stop them besides tackle it if you can catch it. Pound for pound one of the strongest dogs on the planet. Very good temperament though. Lovely dogs. 
That 60 fps tho
Is it me or is the quality on this video amazing 
Where is it?!?!?! Where is it?!?! I felt it!! I felt it!!! I found it!! HERE IT IS!! HERE YOU GO!!! 

*Pats on back * 

#AAAAAAH!!!!! 
What is the dog breed?

'Look mom, no eyes!' 
Wholesome video is wholesome ❤️
That's a really fucking pretty coat on that dog!
Get him a ball with a bell in it.
I think I got as excited as he did 
That boy is a stallion 
The colouring on your dog is so beautiful! 
Holy feels
That dog has one of those seeing eye persons 
Boop!
I thought this was a Parker Posey cosplay at first. 
Google remind me to buy treats for this good boy
Man that makes me happy
I had a dog who ended up almost fully blind and still loved fetch so much! He would just listen carefully when I threw the toy and also use his nose to sniff it out. <3
That’s a beautiful dachshund.... He doesn’t know. 
Wow the thing that she is as happy as the dog makes this video more wholesome
I could hear him saying "I GOT IT! I GOT IT!" In my head lol. What a handsome man :) 
You have to put a smell they know on a ball to play fetch. 
Why does this video look so much more high definition than any video I’ve ever seen on reddit?
He’s so derpy and adorable....😊
Greyhounds are awesome.  I watched one in a park stalk a squirrel like a cat while being walked by it's owner.  I thought it was so cool that I said "that's awesome" to the guy walking it, who was wearing headphones.  He couldn't hear me and looked at me questioningly.  I then just gave him a thumbs up.  So from his perspective some guy just randomly gave him an enthusiastic thumbs up.  It was a cool dog though
My friend has a deaf dog, any ideas for a nice toy? He really loves to play fetch, he can play for hours; how do we make him go for many more hours?
This made me happy.
Damn 60fps
The dog playing with its reflection in the mirror in the background is neat. 
This made me super smile!
That about made me cry. ..
"Lemme at em"
This the only time I will accept vertical filming.
Small circle zoomies = less likely to run into stuff. Adapt. Overcome. Survive.


A blind sight hound. Thats a tough break. Glad he still loves fetch
I adore greyhounds.  I don't know why I've always loved them.

I plan on adopting at least 2 from a greyhound foundation around us when we finally get our house.

If you like greyhounds, please consider adopting from a local retired race greyhound foundation. 
Greyhounds and lurchers make the best pets! We have adopted two. They love sleeping as much as possible. This little guy is adorable. He deserves all the ear scritches
I love how he drops it at the end and is like “oh shit where’d it go” lol seems like a great dog

Edit: just realized it’s another dogs ball, I had some Christmas Eve drinks tonight. Merry Christmas everyone! :)
r/60fps
Fetch........ Or as my dog calls it. " *the fuck is that thing* "
That dog is 40% legs  and 60% personality. 
Filmed on iPhone XS Max 
we need more 60 fps videos
"Thats a proper pupper" english accent
Initially thought this said 'sister's blind dog loves *felch'...* wondered why this wasn't downvoted into oblivion until I reread the title lol
I can't explain it but that makes me sad and happy at the same time. What a sweet doggo.
I love the twins fighting in the background lol 
8 hours and 112k upvotes?

On it's way to be the highest upvoted post?...long way to go though.
Those legs! OMG the long legs are superawesome!
I read the title as "My sister's blind dog love fetish" 
Is this 8K
I thought it was the sister who was blind for a minute there
God damn. 100k likes.
My greyhound isn't blind but he still does the same as him haha
I have a blind pup and there's nothing that he loves more than playing fetch. It's crazy how quickly he can find where the ball is. Almost makes me think he has a little bit of eyesight left. 
That is a damn Christmas miracle, love it!
I dont think dogs mind being blind. The most important sense to them is their ability to smell. 
So much beak!
Also lol at the dog that goes for the ball at the end
I adopted a brendle greyhound too.  They are sight hunters.  Too bad about the blindness.   I agree with the beeping ball.  That's a good idea.
Love the video, but I like your username more!
This looks like the coolest dog park ever.  My city's dog park in Richardson, TX consists of double gates leading to soccer field sized enclosures with half dead grass.
My black lab/blue heeler mix has lost about 90% of her eyesight at this point, and it in NO WAY has affected her motivation to play ball (which is 24/7).  She still has just as much fun even playing in the house.  Can’t stop dogs from loving life :)
I was walking through the park a couple of weeks ago and I saw a man throw a ball for his staffie. She already had a ball in her mouth so I stopped to enjoy the entertainment of her trying to fit both in her mouth! She finally managed it and then I called her over to call her a good girl. She trotted straight up to me with both balls, I took one and threw it as far as I could. As soon as it left my hand the owner said “she’s blind”. 

Oh no I thought... but we both watched her with glee as she heard it land on the floor. She knew the rough area it was in and we both cheered her on until she sniffed it out. Of corse she found it and we both cheered and clapped. He said thank you and I carried on my way home. 

She was a good girl. I’ve met her a and her owner a few times since and they’re lovely. I bumped into him when I was walking with my cat to the vet so he’s met my cat. We’re like pet buddies or something. 
Your sister’s smile when the dog launches after the ball is awesome. 
I love him so much. He's so smart and beautiful. 
That fur is fucking beautiful!!! Like a pet hyena
This is the purest thing I’ve ever seen
It hurts because so pure...
This is so cute 
My blind dog also loves to fetch!  Thanks for sharing.  
And my greyhound just sleeps all day. 
Reached maximum aural accuracy! Revert to snoot!
Highest quality video recording I’ve yet to see on Reddit 
Made me smile. Life's a little tough right now, so thank you for this.
Am I the only one who noticed the insanely good quality of this video??? 
There is a penis shaped white patch on your dog's neck

Never heard of seeingeye humans for dogs before but ok!
There are balls that beep 
This is amazingly cute and this video quality is almost creepy it’s so perfect 
What a clear video lol. 
The quality of this gif is amazing
A nice little present would be a ball that beeps!
My heart!
I love it! That dog is so absolutely pumped!
So sweet. Dogs are too good for us. 
the thumbnail looks like she is wearing a wetsuit and they are at a pool
Such a good dog
Could you use a scented ball for them to play fetch or would that cause problems?
He seems so happy, love this
This is unconditional love
I love him.
Someone posted a video less than a year ago of a ball that beeped repeatedly for his blind dog to play fetch.  You should look in to that for him!
Awww, what a baby
I think that's a deer.
The level of cuteness going on is unreal 😭
He’s so fucking cute!
That’s a good boy.
The quality of the video is what surprises me more, what device was used to recored this?
Thats the goodest boii
This literally made me say aww
Love this!
Why did I expect her to throw the ball and the dog run the other way hahahahaha
OT but that's a clear video...
Our blind Pomeranian loves to play fetch as well. She will throw her toys with such force then pause to listen to where it lands and pounce. Love her!
WHERE IS BUSYBEE?!
What's up with all the blind greyhounds lately? 
My dog is starting to lose her sight and her hearing and this really cheered me up and gave me a bit of hope.  
My blind pup goes crazy for fetch. We love using a ball with a bell in it. 
This video gives me so much hope 
This is the most wholesome thing I've ever seen 
How do I download videos from Reddit anyway, I'd love to show this to my dog loving friends.
That's a really cute speed noodle 
My dog is also blind and nothing stops him from being happy except when he knows we are about to leave and had to go in the cage.. and somehow no matter what we do he knows we are about to leave and runs and hides.
Puppers! 

What a sweet victory circle!!
When she scares the crap out of it for a second by petting it and makes it drop the ball. 
She’s doing her best. 
Sight hound for life.
Good boy.. so cute 😘
That is super mega adorable 
Seriously better than my supposed fox hunting dog.
Good boi
Seems an uncommon color, boutique breeder/selective breeder lead to the blindness? 
Your sister is a great seeing eye human.
Sorry to digress but, holy flip, what camera is this?  Amazing doggo, too.  

Edit:  just saw it’s an iPhone.  :)
Beautiful brindle grey.  
This is at 173 upvotes. I expect front page tomorrow. 
Never met your sister. Seems like a great person. 
The way that snoot sniffs for the ball!!
This is the best blind dog gif I’ve seen all day
That is a gorgeous greyhound.
This is awesome. She should invest in a ball with a bell in it 
My heart 😭❤️😭❤️😭❤️
Ok, that other dog was just teasing him!! But really too cute
Merry Christmas puppers! You are a joy to the world!!!
My heart!
Thank you for posting this... such a blessed start to my day
How dare you film vertically; other than that your dog is really cute I wish the best for you guys
Hahaha my blind dog does that too. He is small so I use a jinlgy cat toy
Aww! This was adorable! I felt kinda sad when he dropped it again towards the end though :'(
This makes me very sad and very happy at the same time.
You will still see a noticeable jump in quality even on a 4K monitor or even a newer MacBook Pro.  Not true 8k since it’s not possible unless the monitor allows it, but’s it’s still I absurdly clear 
My (then) girlfriend and I were invited to do a tv-spot with our (then) recent pupper adoptee and we were in line waiting to go on and the guy in front of us had a blind dog he adopted. This guy would tap his dog in one spot and the dog would roll over. Tapped behind the ear, sit. On the chest, shake. Blew my mind when I could only boast Nox could howl when he was hungry, but that blind dog meant the world to that man, and that man was that dogs world. Adorbs.
🤣🤣🤣

I wonder whats going on in that dogs mind. I dont know if he understands that beeing blind is not normal, he might just think everyone is blind. And if he does - he probably just cant understand how everyone moves around so fast and without any injuries
My little shitzuh was 90% blind and would play fetch like this for hours!! Always made my heart happy
What’s this type of area called? I want to do this with my dog
Princess Bride?
Thy of the thy of the Madam Transforeil. I applieicarei of the Tramsteppelletiermer. Lovelie.
Such a good doggy.. so cute to watch!
What an incredibly powerful and beautiful lesson. As a homebound senior, I see such hope and joy in this. I want to save this for days I might feel a bit sorry for myself. What an incredible Christmas gift! Blessings on them both. 
Karen and Katie, my kitty
Mate of mine had a black lab that has no eyes.  We'll throw the ball and he will run search patterns"looking" for it.  Some time he'll come back with someone different, but he's about 80%.  He is a Wonder Hound. 
Cute
Is it partially blind or completely blind?
Do greyhounds have vision problems? Seems almost every blind dog on here is a greyhound. 
Aww how cute! 😍
Is he looking for an uncle? I'm not asking to date your sister btw
I love whatever camera this is shot on 🤔😱
So sweet!
Dogs are the greatest animal alive.. Humans are so far down that scale
Stop downvoting this you cowards it’s cute
what a good boy!
THIS IS THE MOST HEARTWARMING VIDEO OF 2018! Seconding the beep ball recommendation, and using baseballs in general! Tennis balls are seriously abrasive and basically like sandpaper to a dog’s teeth. Just files them down to nubs. Baseballs will help the pupper for sure since there’s teeth issues mentioned in a prior post! The leather of a baseball has give to it and further won’t wear away at the teeth. Thank you for posting!!

PS - what is this beautiful, happy, adorable doggo’s name?
Me heart is happy 
Still better at fetch than my dog
Get the dog a ball that beeps so them it can track the sound of it and still play fetch:)
God damn adorable.
What a cutie. I love greyhounds. 
So cute!
Can he use any of that obstacle course? Or you have other dogs that use it?
Your sister is an awesome person
Be ready for those unexpected tugs. I scored lots of shoulder problems as a dog handler due to a lack of vigilance.
My blind min pin plays fetch also. It’s so cute to watch 
That looks like an amazing dog park!
I wish I could adopt a blind dog. I feel like a blind dog would be so much more fun. Unfortunately I have to get a house first.
Looks like my dog playing fetch every day... He's a dummy but we love him
Is that a greyhound or a whippet, the two are very similar but can never tell the difference? I had a whippet named Rocky and I could never differentiate him between other Greyhounds.
Still smarter than most humans who have 20/20
My dog fetches like this and she isn’t blind, kudos blind dog. 
This is some grade A wholesome content. 
More please!
Good doggo
/r/specialaww
Vids like this make me both happy *and* sad at the same time. On the one hand, seeing how happy the dog is makes *me* happy. Yet, on the other hand, I'm sad due to the fact that I can't simply snap my fingers or do whatever Jesus ^^^allegedly did to cure this dog's blindness, allowing it to live a more normal life without *any* fear of potentially running into things, which might cause a stubbed toe, or other kind of boo-boo. 
The quality of this video is mind boggling 
Every time, and I mean *every*. *time*. I see a greyhound I cry, and now you all can understand why. They are literal angels 
How old is he? I love him so much. 
this is me when I play actual sports
i thought that was my mom for a second and it scared the fuck out of me
This is one of the most precious thing I’ve ever seen
That fur pattern is stunning! 
I had a shepherd mix that went blind at two.  We would walk in the canyon to a shallow stream so he could chase rocks. I’d throw them a few feet in front or behind him and he chased the splash. It was almost impossible to get him to leave. 
  Kong makes a nice, heavy duty ball with a bell in it. He could catch it on the first bounce. People wouldn’t believe he was blind after they saw him play catch.  I hope your sister and her pup have as many happy years as we did. 
This is the best thing I’ve ever seen😍
Aww! We had a female greyhound with almost the same color! So beautiful! ♥️♥️
I show this videos to my wife to make her cry
Is the ball scented too?
That is the goodest doggo!
I guess that means the dog went blind :(
What did you shoot this with? 
[deleted]
A good reminder that we can still have fun even in less than optimal circumstances. 
Thank you, I really needed this right now.
Why is this video such high quality? 
Why do dogs go blind? It seems pretty common.
My heart is full
So this is what watching a video filmed with something decent feels like. ... nice
Man I wish my dog was like this he is also blind
This dog is so happy to have such caring owner!
AWWWW
Would it help the dog if the ball was sprayed with perfume?
reminds me of my dog. he was blind too. he passed away 2 years ago. he was such a good dog. 
Reminds me of this happy boi

https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=Ha92yzmVv2s
Poor pupper... When I die you can have my eyes... :(
This is so great. Wish I could save a gif to my iPhone 
Love seeing a happy pupper. Merry Christmas 
Lol. It’s like the old game of throwing a rock in the pool and trying to find it under water
awwww baby
He’s beautiful!
She is awesome.
Aww, what a gorgeous smart cutie!
My blind (mostly) dog loves fetch too! It's a great tool for working her mind because I can throw the toy (or place it) somewhere kind of hidden and she really works to sniff it out and find it. It's impressive to watch until she faceplants into something. 
I could do that...
Too bad he's terrible at it!
/r/funnyandsad
So cute!
Love it
Seeing a grey so excited makes my heart melt. 
❤️❤️❤️
Upvoted for high quality 
Now this is why I'm subbed here. 
I can’t see how he does it 
Did the dog find it based on sound or the vibration it felt on the ground when the ball dropped?
Gorgeous dog.
“I got it I got it I got it OMG WHAT’S TOUCHING ME”
This is so wholesome. I love this video and your pup. Thanks for sharing! 
I had a brindle greyhound just like that when I was a kid... I miss those simple days. Almost as much as my dog. 
""0"
I'm not a dog person but that made me smile. 
96% upvoted, who would down vote this?
My heart cannot take this much emotion 
*120 FPS*
His hearing must be crazy!! It's impressive to pick out the bouncing of the ball with all of the other dog noises!
What a cute dog. 
Aww, he’s perfect:) ❤️❤️❤️
The quality of that video is amazing on my phone!! 
What a weird giraffe 
 Why at an obstacle course though? He's literally surrounded by obstacles to bump in to. :P
What breed is that fabulous doggo
Best pure good dog of all time!
MOAR!!! This dog is best dog. Many gifs, much upvote
what a gorgeous coat colour
Damn! Street dogs here would shit- scared seeing him on loose.
I’m so drunk right now this video looks like some super HD 
That pup is absolutely gorgeous.
Mobile Notification gang 
Omfg ahhhhhh yout dog good lord
Yo i love your dog maybe more than my own :(
I love this dog
r/slammywhammies 
Jésus this video is more stable than my life
Is this the type of place city ppl have to go to play with their pets?
That’s awfully sweet 
[u/vreddit\_bot](https://www.reddit.com/u/vreddit_bot)
I haz many lemgth

But yuz to my stremtgth

ALwayz find da bol

vv Big or vv smol



My blind sister loves fetching dogsledding 
u/microwavedcashew 
So awesome.  Get a harness and a slightly longer lead.... that “sighthound” has something special going.  
I love them pony's. I got three of em and there all wonderful.
What kind of dog is that? He’s all legs
He looks so skinny
awwww
Respect for 60fps and 4k resolution.
this is the best thing i have ever seen. thank you.
Awww, thanks for the smile. Such a happy pupper!
I wonder if you could get a ball that emits a high continuous frequency dogs can hear that way he can hear it even if its in the air?

Reddit engineers what say you?
Camera quality is on point here
That’s me with most things. Not great but loving it. 
I think I'm going to cry. 
[/u/vReddit\_Player\_Bot](https://www.reddit.com/u/vReddit_Player_Bot)
Thanks for posting. He is a big dog too, extra awesome points to your sister for taking that on. Sending good karma her way.
Tell her to sent it the dog could find it with smell
If the entire internet were videos like this, I (and I’m sure I’m not alone) would say it was a fantastic success. 
Thanks for the smile 😃
That's is amazing 
I had a blind dog, it was impressive how good it was at fetch and running through the house. 
nicedog
What a beautiful brindle coat. Merry Christmas you wonderful creature. 
Even the blind dog is better at fetch than my dog.  My dog doesn't play or do anything.  He plays the role of a cat very well 
Ahhhh! Too clear!
omg he is SO happy when he finds it. I love him and this so much!
I remember getting a light up ball once and it made sounds every time it moved. It wasn't a pet toy but I kinda wonder if it'll workout with blind pets
Biggest aww yet
Yes. Just yes.
This makes me so happy!! 
What a good boy! Tell him I love his markings and that he made me smile!
Am I the only one that notices this video is super clear.  It’s unreal.  
Pupper so happy...  😍
Whatever place your in looks amazing. Is that some kinda indoor dog park?
Why in this video, guys?
Is that the gym from Nintendogs??
This is beautiful 
Your sister is such a beautiful soul, and so is that doggo. God bless all of you on this christmas. 

My stepmom's dog super-loved me.  All four legs splayed, tongue hanging out, direct eye contact.  She passed a couple of years ago; she will be missed.
Better at fetch than either of my dogs
Bless his heart ☺️
Best thing I’ve seen all day❤️
Made me happy to see the beautiful doggie playing 
That's awesome. 
/r/greyhounds would love this. 
I would put a very strong deferent smell to his favorite spots bed, yard, bowl.
What a precious doggo 👑
So cute. Hope she gets well. Btw is it a park for dogs ?
I'd name him Ref.
beautiful fur pattern like a tiger
And here is a deaf greyhound to match yours--I'm the one petting her https://i.imgur.com/TrsvtR2.gifv
This video RTX on?
I see pup is having fun and it’s sweet but can’t help notice how the whacking of it’s hind legs startled it. Pretty sure that would make me jumpy if I was blind and people kept doing that to me. 
Is that an off white belt?
Merry Christmas fellas 
What camera is this?
A good boi
Daredevil dog
This is the purest thing I've ever seen. Also, he fetches better than my dog whose eyesight is perfectly fine...
Do you have a mirror for mobile Reddit users?
I have a greyhound too!!! So pure 
This is how we should live our lives even with our baggages.
That is a beautiful dog! Great color.
The fuck is that? A tasmanian wolf!
awww (,: <3
This is so cute that people are going to gouge their own dog's eyes out.
Man. I wish he could be given eyesight. Guy deserves that happiness
She should put bells in the ball so the dog can hear it for longer when throwing it.
This brings back so many happy memories. My first dog, Hounddog, was blind. We could throw a rawhide bone on the sidewalk, and she would happily go find it. She loved that game. Blind dogs are awesome. 
Dang, recorded and uploaded with your eyeballs
IM GONNA UGLY CRY
So nice, sweetest companion pet. 
That brindle coat is unbelievably pretty.
Omg, I wish my grey could meet yours! This is precious and makes me smile. Going cuddle with mine now!
10/10 Lol’s.
So got dang cute
What a good boy
 He’s adorable 
This is pure joy. I love it. 
Aww I feel sorry for him/her
God bless the adorable dog
Aww adorable!
The video quality tho 👌🏼
Ahhh so cute I can cry!

That frame rate tho
Justice is blind
This is beautiful and your sister is amazing!
Mine did too
Unclip the leash, you are pulling on his neck
Ah!! This is so cute! This made me so happy. Thanks for sharing this wonderful, adorable dog!
Oh my so sweet And adorable
Better get your ball back from the other dog...
That is a lovely thing to see on Christmas morning.  Such a lovely pup.
Is it painted?
That may be the cutest thing I've seen this year. 
She is teaching brave dogs.But the dogs look so thin!
My dog is the same but she’s not blind, she just sucks at fetch 
Awww, a blind sight hound 😢 I grew up with whippets, that looks like a greyhound, I love both breeds and the Italian greyhound as well, they’re amazing dogs 
hes the best boi 
I FUCKING LOVE ANIMALS OMFG WHY ARE THEY ALL SO PERFECT!!🖤🥰
Do u cut a slit in and out a treat inside? If not it will maybe help him find the ball easier 
What dog breed is he he’s beautiful 
ok, this is pretty epic
Wholesome
Why do we take pictures when videos look so much better?

Beautiful dog by the way 
The first frame of the gif is terrifying. 
This is too pure
amazing
I'm so happy this dog has a good loving home and is still enjoying life. I feel bad for any homeless animal, but especially so for disabled ones.

Please, if you're willing and able, adopt a disabled dog if you're looking for a pet and the opportunity arises. It'll love you just as much as any other. 
This greyhounds markings reminds me of a ex-champion racer my aunt used to have as a rescue called Badger. :3 

&#x200B;

Good dog.
Damn, I would call it Blind Guardian
bless this unit 
This is a true *aww*. 
Thats cool dogs got the greatest sense of smell
What a good boy! 
Ill send him all my positive fibe ! Such a good dog he love his life !!
What kind of camera are you filming this with?? It’s like super high quality
This gif is too real. 
Hats off to your sister. I can clearly see the immense love she has towards her dog. 
It's so pure
That's one happy dog - made me smile 
My old dog was blind so I put his balls in peanut butter before throwing them so he could find them no homo.
I think that's a horse
V wholesome viewing for Christmas Eve 
Here, take all the upvotes. Merry Xmas. 
Ahhh cute doggo
LOL @ that collie helping out at the end
My heart is breaking!
Aww. So cute!! They should make smelly balls (lol)
r/slammywhammies
That is so adorable. Merry Christmas everyone! 
Awww 🥰... I am in love with baby 😘😘😘bless you... she is a sweetie ❤️
At the end of the video when the lady pats the dog and scares the shit out of it
That’s so fetch
I wonder if he would have more fun if you sent marked the ball somehow? Then you could probably throw it farther and he'd be able to find it. 
That dog needs a rattle ball.
Needs sound I want to hear those paws
I’m glad he’s still having a good time. 
This made my Christmas waaaaay better!
It's awesome to see a blimd dog just having so much fun and not even seeming like it cares. 

I kinda envy the dog honestly. I know if i were to go blind right now, i would probably be the most bitter person alive lol
Is this gif 120Hz?
I love this! 
Hey i was wondering.. is it a wiped (the tipe) or something else? Cus i have a wiped myself.. best digs ever btw
Your dog is ace 
Curse the gods that only let me up vote this one time!!

has she had that dog for very long, because she is doing a lot of things that my vet told me not to do when we found out our pupper was blind. 
If he hits his head too much while walking around try this: https://www.reddit.com/r/HumansBeingBros/comments/9y908z/human_made_for_blind_dog/?utm_source=reddit-android
I was taking care of a blind dog and wish I had thought of this
the goodest boye 
That dog fetches better then my not blind dog hands down!  Good job buddy! 
He adorable
my dog likes to sleep
Get this doggo in ravenclaw
😍
So friggin cute!
Is that an off white belt made into a leash?
Get this dog started with nosework!
Are there seeing eye dogs for blind dogs? 🤔
Nothing will ever stop doggo from sourcing the ball
Smart doge
Cute doggo
Edit:woofer
Adorable !
Pot something that make noise in the ball.
What more can you ask for a companion.
Wish I could upvote this many, many times. 
My blind dog plays this way too! 
Puoper looks like a cheeto
Potential dog berg 
OMG that little pounce at the very start.  So cute!
They should've used a ball for blind people/animals that makes a noise :)
What a cute dog! It makes me really happy that he's still able to enjoy life ^.^
He's a very good boi
The panic when he drops is so adorable, he may never get it back if he loses track of it
Awwww what a good Boyeeeeee!!! Who's a good Boyeeeeee!!!
It ain't Christmas until you've cried like a baby
omg

!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Nothing can put his spirits down. What a dog...what a lesson. 
This is the most wholesome thing I've ever seen ❤
You gotta give this dog a pet for every upvote. For all of us who want to pet him but can't
The most liked video I have ever seen on reddit. 
Very proud of your sister. And she is very cute.
It’s a cute poochie pooch. Issa a good boi 
So does my blind cat! <3
I’m just really proud of him
I love how she modified fetch so the dog could do it. 
What a beautiful and happy boy!  Dogs teach us so many lessons about how to live life 
If Reddit has taught me one thing, it's that you shouldn't throw a ball to a leashed dog! 
Bless you and your sister. Such patience she has and how lovely the doggo is.

Happy holidays OP.
What phone took this video? It’s surprisingly clear.
OOT but What did you record this video with??? So crisp ! 
Put a jingle bell in it
I was shooting hoops when a dog came running up to me. She didn’t seem to be able to see me but it seemed like she was smelling for me. I see the owner launching some sort of ball with a bell or something in it. Apparently the dog was blind and used her hearing to locate the ball and still ran and played fetch like a normal dog. I was quite impressed.
Should put bells on the ball
This is so cute I forgive you for the portrait video
Made me smile so much. I'm not doing very good right now and you made me smile. Thank you. 
My love, we have three greyhounds!
I felt so sad really
You should see if the make a ball with a bell inside.... or chirps.
I sincerely want to see more of this. 
Should be dressed up as daredevil for Halloween 
Seeing something like this makes me so happy. Christmas is supposed to be a happy time, a time of celebration, but for me it's quite the opposite. It's just a reminder of how poorly I get along with my family, and how I blame myself for my parents basically being divorced. Seeing this dog so happy has made my day. Thanks OP 😀
Maybe you can scent the ball to help locate it.
Maybe she could scent the ball a little or put a rattle in it.
I miss my greyhounds so much. They both pranced around in the same way when playing. I was always amused when they would 'bow'
AWWWWW
Now hang on... Is it a blind dog, or a blind dog. They're 2 very different things. 
I once played a game of football with a group of blind students. They use a basketball with a bell in it and could play like they weren't blind. Maybe try that for this dog? Make a small cut in a tennis ball and insert a small bell. I'd be curious to see if it works.
Blind people often need seeing-eye dogs, but in this case it looks like the dog needs a seeing-eye human...
60 FPS videos need to be default.  😔 please. Look at this video
Respect
I love how he(?) tries to grab it when it gets close to his face.
Omg 
I’m in love with this dog !!
evolution is amazing. simply profound that dogs have learned to echolocating since birth. praise god
He looks like a beautiful tiger !!! Love him 
What type of dog is that? 
That's great, I hope much happiness for you and your dog :)
Holy fuck this is wholesome 
L O N G E
WOW. What a coincidence... Im at my grandparents and their neighbor brought over a blind dog that i just asked questions about. Pop open reddit and this is the FOR post i see. 
Wow
Beautiful greyhound. Love that coat colouring. I could watch this all day. So cute!
Is that a seeing eye human?
Aww
Such a good boi
Blind isent gonna stop him from havin fun
Are they legally blind or just completely blind?
Thank god for pointing out the fact it has legs! Didn’t see those. 
So cute!!
[deleted]
Cute
This is awesome. I have a partially blind, adopted poodle called Willis. He is diabetic, so am I... The boy is beautiful... Uses his smell and hearing to make up for all his loss. I LOVE him soon much. Hope you do too.
That frame rate made it all the better!
I bet that dog's snoofer is so good.
My ex's dog is a blind Jack Russell rescue. She was SUCH A GOOD GIRL and loved to play fetch. We would sometimes throw the ball really far and she would run in the direction she would hear it land. If she got confused and started going the wrong way trying to find it we'd start yelling "noooooo" and she'd change direction. If she was on the right path we'd encourage her by going "YEAH GOOD GIRL" until she found the ball. Good times.

The guy was alright, but I really miss hanging out with that dog.
Damn that’s some high quality video 
Feed that big guy, please!
Get the dog a ball that has a metronome inside.
Do they make balls with beepers in them?
Thats so nice. Its interesting that even dogs who cannot see have a interest in playing catch.
The pure happiness when he grabed te ball omg
I have a chiweenie, so I thought, but my god this dog acts and looks just like her! The brindle tiger stripes, white toe tips, white chest, floppy ears too!! What kind of dog is this? 
She’s the size of a mouse, about 10 lbs but she’s gotta be part greyhound 
That's awesome
That's one scary looking dog
Getting doggo-from-Riddick vibes! 
He looks like a skinny tiger
u/Vredditdownloader
Blind ass dog doesn't even know what colors are fucking dumbass
What a nice butter brindle.
