She’s royalty and She Knows It
such amaze, wow
This is doge 8 years ago, and this is doge now, feel old yet?
What age does to a dog and legend.
Oh you *love* doge?

Name 5 of her albums
My dear Doge Kato lived to be 18, He changed his looks like this. He became such a perfect gentleman( he chewed through the walls and ate furniture as a puppy).
Wow
She's a Queen. We need to protect her at all costs.
Jesus after seeing so many edits and shit. The original doesn’t even look real
I didn't know doge changed color over time
Prediction: Dogecoin is gonna skyrocket in her honor once she's gone
I remember reading that the dog in this photo is not actually Kabosu every time this is reposted.

I checked out her Instagram (@kabosumama) and it looks nothing like the dog in this photo. She looks in way better health.
2013 wasn't it 5 years ago?
I am definitely going to cry when the news finally hit. She's the face of the internet's favorite dog species AND the hottest crypto.
I know I’m late to the show, but can someone explain the origination of “doge”? Was it a misspelling?
[removed]
I really hope dogs evolve longer lifetime, although doge has been taken care very well but you still can see 15y is very old for a dog.
very age

much wise

wow
Dog, can confirm
[deleted]
i don't like seeing my memes age :(
Her birthday is February 25 so it just past lets make the next one great
Such impressive.
What a good girl.
It even has the same photo frame in the background!
Now she’s leading people to the moon 🚀 what a legend
I wish dogs lived longer :(
r/Dogelore Assemble
Nft and make yourself a pretty penny
Awww - a superstar!!
Phonetically, are you all also saying it as dodge in you head?   Or is it doe-gee... or something different?
My brain: "2013? She's age a lot for only...."\*

*oh god it's been 7 years*
May she live 15 years more
Aww
That doge has seen it al
Honey. ❤️
*everywhere at the end of time starts playing*
Good doge
Such aging
Fucking legend
Royalty, even in her prime
Such doggo. Much age.
Wow such amaze
wow, so age, much beauty
I lubs you much, Kabosu ❤️
Dogecoin to the Moon!!!
The goodest gal
Good girl.......to the Moon🖤
Just seeing that reminds me of the Doge song a youtuber made. I must listen to it again.
Fucking legend
Here to pay my respects to a legend. Swole doge vs cheems is the best meme and you made it all possible.
Y’all had the same couch for 15 years? It must be comfy as fuck.
How iconic 🥳🥳🥰
Such age many grace
Such a beautiful dog! :)
She probably has no clue she's the most famous dog in the world right now
Same couch, same spot 👀
How the coin looks now vs how it will look in 6 months
Owner needs to sell the pictures as NFT and make some money off that MEME DOGE COIN
Type “Thank you, sweet pupper” in chat for 15 years of good luck
15 and looks like she is still 5 <3
Damn, she's seen a few winters
Ok so... can I pet her? I promise to invest more
wooow
No way that’s so cool
Is this true?
Good girl.
Amazing dog She look so cute
I thought my dog was.
I hope she owns a bunch of doge coin
Do not cite the dogecoin to me.  I was there when it was written.
Yes but how much dogecoin does she have?
A very good girl!
Shibe
olde doge
What a cutie!! Give her a hug for me
such wow, much coin!!
Pretty girl!!!
:)
Excuse me. 2013!? DAMN I thought it was from 2016
Such age, much wisdom, very cute
This post is going straight to the top
No longer a joke but became royalty
OP not sure if that’s your dog or you’re just trying for karma but uhhhh NFT that dog
Much age. Such wisdom.
She’s resting in retirement!
Our glorious leader! Much wow!
Arguably the most famous dog on the planet?
🐕🚀🌙
Now she be cashing out and making coin.
Yes, this is doge
the dogecoin millionaires need to make sure Kabosu well taken care of!!
She's no longer doge, she is dogé
doggo want snacc
It boggles my mind to think I might one day being paying my mortgage with a Reddit meme coin.
She became a coin.
Why do smaller dogs live  generally longer than bigger dogs?
To the moon 🚀
She's keeping the same posture. What a good girl. I hope she's enjoying her golden years in comfort.
I salute you
Clone doge!!
How beautifull
The fact that the same picture frame and couch is still there amazes me.
such wow, very old
Such hodl!! To the mooooooooon
Such adorable. Wow.
I have a Shiba Inu and this hits home for me so much. Our girl is special needs and we adopted her when she was four, she has a black coat with tan eyebrows instead of the traditional doge coloring. We celebrate her birthday on the same day as our other dog because the vets couldn’t determine her actual age due to her teeth being so worn down. 

Anyway - she turned 11 last month and has the equally majestic gray snout and paws and my partner and I love her dearly and are so proud of how far she’s come. She still has anxiety but she is just the sweetest little doggo.
I was actually wondering the other day who it was based off and how proud the owner would be.
Much wow
Much wow. Such cute
This dog has single handedly brought many communities and people of all sorts together just by this single photo.
Kudos Shibe 🌸🌸
The queen has returned!!!
This is my god
How does it feel owning one of the most influential animals on the entire internet?
Thank you for your service
🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
The face of a movement
Protect this doge at all costs!
It's like watching the realistic adaptation of a disney animation.
Many age
thats a really unflattering picture
Such dog wow
SUCH CUTE VERY WOW 8D
How did that doggo turn into what doge is today?
I can't even register the creature in the first picture as a real dog anymore. It feels like s cartoon character.
All hail the queen!!!!
Such old, such cute
such wow
National treasure
What a good girl!
The goodest of girls
I don’t even see doge as a dog anymore, it’s like a person now
what a legend
The original doge photo is so surreal. Like I forget it’s not a photoshopped funny dog but an actual dog that exists and it wasn’t altered in any way.
Noooo, it's almost time for us to say goodbye to her :((
Old girl is such a beaut! Love her for all the glorious memes her face has been on!
Shes getting old, my gosh
im glad she's still alive and kickin
Memers unite under the dogecoin
I wonder if she's getting dogecoin royalties lol
Like in dog years or human bc Idk how long dogs live mb <3
15 that’s old. And a baby face to boot.
One of my favorite things to see on the internet is seeing what meme legends are doing now and what they look like years later. It's always really nice to see
Much time, such sadness, many moons 🚀
Good doggo
She is the way!
That dog is literally royalty in my eyes.

She will forever be a constant inspiration and bring a smile to my face
Go Doge and ur cousin Litecoin! 🐔🚀
Pride.
We should all pitch together and build a massive memorial statue in international waters.
and she shall be immortal.  no really, in a digital sense she might live forever
A doge with its own currency! 🪙
How regal!
How it started / How it’s going.
Snap back to reality
Not going to lie but, she looks like she's hungover.
KabosuCoin
this is the best group or dogs
Aw so cute thats one good meme dog :D
This is the wonderful face that gives me money in crypto 🙏 to the moon bby
Still cute 8 years later
$Kabosu Token born now 🚀🚀
Ohww
The queen of memes
Dang, I’m old
She lives inJapan.
noice
The queen Elizabeth of dogs
She is still the queen of the internet 💁‍♀️💁‍♀️
Adorable ☺👌🏻
Still a good girl
dog
omggu
my dog die in 3 years
Me doing the math to calculate how old she was back then
This is an odd photo of her, there are better looking ones.
Just bought 1400 doge! I'm in the club!!!!
Thanks Kabuso, for making me like, $600 today alone. I wish I bought more of you.
Now to sell an NTF and convert all of your Ethereum to Doge and never work again!!!!! Muuuh ha ha ha ha!
Fucking tired of these bitches editing their photos and giving us false impressions and expectations of themselves!
Did you make a NFT
What a legend!
[deleted]
Expectations vs Reality
69k upvotes pog
Why is Doge going up and up? Is it because people are sick of btc and want an underdog to win? What's going on???
r/agedlikemilk
NFT this!
I've never seen the memes
doge😳
This will be a verrrrryyyyyyy expensive NFT in the future.
Hope the owner has sold the original pic as NFT, probably worth a small fortune!
1k comments
I'm pretty sure she passed away in 2017
AWE :D
Much adorable
Wacky dog does non-wacky and characteristic thing
r/adorablecreature
the left photo seems photoshopped for some reason
She celebrity
I hope y'all got some coin
She looks so old but I bet she's still sweet.
Don't you dare lie to me!
Markings around the eyes are different between both dogs....
When Musk take to moon?
 very good doge
She's also inspired a cryptocurrency coin in her image and spirit
Good doge-y
OLD DOGE
Doge to the moon
And the best part is when she passes she will forever live in billions of peoples hearts and minds
Time to sell the pic as an NFT!
Now we need an update on Colby.
To the moon 🚀🚀🚀🚀
Yikes, those years of fame have taken a toll.
r/dogelore
Much age, wow
Such floof, much nose boop
Awww indeed. She's such a beauty ❤ Thank you Kabosu for being so iconic 😊 I hope you're enjoying your retirement and getting lots of pats 🐶
to the moon bby
A fucking icon. Such wisdom.
Make that an NFT and sell it for $1 million.
The goodest girl
Such cute, wow
She has enriched my life for the last years and I will forever be grateful
So what your saying is they held for 15 years
She will take us to the Moon
Legend
Good looking doge
A true legend
Such amaze, much wow, 10/10 doggo XD
Yes yes I've invested in her coin
She´s beautiful!
[removed]
To the moon!! 🚀
She's cute! :3
time for a new couch
Beautiful senior girl.
amazing
Peace.
[https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Doge\_(meme)#Origin\_and\_pronunciation](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Doge_(meme)#Origin_and_pronunciation)
I love you so much puppy
Bringing her to the moon with us. ❤️
Ive seen this meme used so much that I forget that its a picture of a real dog.
https://i.imgur.com/A8ohwPx.jpg

I put your dog on a cake.
Good Doge
PRAISE BE TO KABOSU
Such mature

Many elegance 

Wow
Kabosu is so adorable. I could spend all day petting her.
Wow her fur has gotten so much whiter, she really is a granny now.
Our Queen
This little dog made me almost rich.
Much love. Such doge.
Is this edited to make her seem more sickly? The abc round is less colorful too.
Literally the most famous doggo in the world
The original is so surreal it doesn’t seem real anymore it’s just a currency
doge god, best girl
The sad part is that shibas only live 15 years :c
Much wow
Kabosu to the moon 🚀
r/progresspics
She is a queen among the meme/Reddit world
Good girl 😀
She’s dead
Stupid dog
What a good doggo! A heckin pupper!
Send er to the MOON!!
세월의 무상함이란 ㅠㅠ Time does fly!
NFT this photo and make a good $20k + if you want. #justsaying
[It’s the rare pupper!](https://youtu.be/8SDZse_QEJs)
Moon Born!
Beautiful girl
This is how dodge coin is going to look in 5 months. Plz let it go already. Plz.
This is a legend we can never forget. We need a statue of her imo.
We’re going to the moon Kabosu!
Good to see you again old friend
Time has truly taken its toll
Much wow
She is the goddess of Dogecoin.
Might want to NFT that meme.... Just sayin...
Beautiful
Sure
She's going to the moon! 🚀 🌚
To the moon!
I hope she is treated with the respect she deserves, I love her
:3
If only she knew how famous she is.
This has restored my hope for the future
Kabosu is a legendary pooch
Is the original doge image edited?
Grandoge
She’s so cute
Weird how I was just wondering about exactly that this morning! So cute!
Stop dont ageeeee
Totally thought this dog passed away, turn out it was an April fools joke -.-
A living legend
Cool.
That NFT is going to be valuable!
What a cute ole’ lady she is!
Damn she’s old
I wonder how she’s selling for NFTs...
This dog created multiple degenerate millionaires.
I’m more curious as to how the rest of the room stayed the same over the course of 8 years. Like your grandparents house.
😍😍😍
The queen of green ❤️
Super cool
15? How? 2013 wasn't that long ago... Wait.. oh no..
Inb4 she becomes an NFT
Good doge
Awwwww I love her 🥰
Its an honor to finally see you. Thank you
Much beauty, much wow
i love her
THANKYOU!
They stole her yellow!! ;_;
[removed]
Beautiful puppers.
Awwww so cute, sad, heartwarming and heartbreaking DX XD
Royalty will look good on the new dollar coin.
Time to cash in on the NFT
💩
I saw on another sub that she is dead?! She lives??
[removed]
Clever girl
How much dogecoin does Kabosu have?
I never knew Doge was a she! What a beautiful girl
Surprised you didn’t sell this as an NFT
My eyeballs are sweating 🥺 precious doge 💗
The fact her name even sparked a crypto...
Wow very nice
NFT!!!! Get that monayyyy
Super rich dog with 70 billon market cap
Bless her
right photo is misleading lol she looks fine rn
What a Legend
Oh man that’s wild!
This doge is too cute 🐶
Where does she live?
All praise be
Drugs are bad
Hahaha the og of dog memes
In this pic Kabosu @ 5¢ and Kabosu @59¢ a doge
Doge at .69, this picture is at least 69 months ago. Half life 3 confirmed? I apologize in advance
I can't give more than one like someone help. This is clearly an error or travesty.
Saving this for a crypto bear market
My pup is 15 this year. She’s no meme but she is majestic. Seeing all the white on a pup makes me happy sad
We stand before a Goddess.
Wise shib sayz coin will grow if meme continue
Make doge coin pay you
How much is the NFT going for?
Aw
Apparently his Doge wallet is DHRWvkeZMiDsruZGK4HJsurmCJptQatS4m 
I'm sending him 69 doge for the meme I'll post when done lmao
Doge coin. To the moon!
If you wanted, I bet you can get funding to send her to the moon.
Adorable doge
Such wow
Love the details of the same items in the background
OMG SO CUTE
Doge may never die because he is the face of a popular cryptocurrency!
The return of the Queen
What a blight on humanity 


Thanks for the cash though I’ve made thousands on dogecoin
❤️❤️❤️
that face brings so many so much happiness
So it was a girl!
Ok if you don’t NFT Kabosu right now
Pretty lady!
Seeing old dogs makes me happy/sad
Much wow
Move over kardashians this dog has brand value 100 times over
Such beauty, such wow
Sell this as an NFT  for a million dollars and give me 1000 dollars for the idea.
Can someone add a similar yellow filter to the right image?
wow
Best doggo! (Btw buy doge coin)
I love you
Thank you Kabosu. For all the gains. You changed the world and lives of many. 🤙🏽
What kinda dog is that?
Forever immortalized by being the face of dogecoin!
Enjoy retirement kabasu
The pictures look so different
God dammit, I’m old, fuck
fame , women and drugs have taken a toll on this guy
She will love forever as dogecoin becomes the currency of the people
All heil Doge
I've seen the original so many times it's oddly unrealistic, and seeing it being compared only makes it stronger.
Goooooood giiiirl
Good boy
wow such old very wise much beauty. She doesn't have much time left as shibes life span last at most 15 years. There's definitely some shibes that live longer than that but whatever happens for this good shoob will go down in internet history just as Gabe the dog went. To sweet pupper heaven!
Is this the founder of Dogecoin?
Its so surreal to doge as an actual dog and not as wacky character
Such old, wow
Kabosu wissen wer der Babo ist, immernoch der selbe Kabosu den du am Bahnhof triffst, wie er grade Nasen snifft
/r/CrossedFeetsies
Dont do memes. Kids not onces.
It's almost like it's saying 

> Oh I was so young then...look how young I looked! Why did I waste all that time worrying about my looks?
[removed]
I have a Tshirt with her on it!
I wonder how much people will freak out that doge is a girl
Kabosu has a Crypto currency named after her
My heart crack!
Good doge
I'm not crying, you are. Damn we are old.
Actually the real doge dog died ages ago, this screenshot is at least 2 years old
one of the most famous shibas ever...
Wait-
Let's go in the garden
You'll find something waiting
Right there where you left it lying upside down
When you finally find it, you'll see how it's faded
The underside is lighter when you turn it around
They look like bread.
This dog has made people richer than the whole S&P 500 combined.
Do not let the dog die!
if you don't know how doge is pronounced usually you just say "Doge" but I personally say "Doge" and some others like to say "Doge".
Such age
Many wise
Legend.
Awwh I just purchased a bunch of share I believe in Dogecoin..
Wait only eight years ago? What?
Good doge
❤️
Oh god I thought it died, since it was a gray picture
What’s kabosu’s birthday?
I wonder how much dogecoin the owner has
Doge royalty
All hail the Dogemother!
Much sad, they’ve grown so old over these years
Like Everyone else Her face too tells how much she is done with this 2019-2021 thing !
 Good old 2013 Days..
shes famous meme dog
Thank you Kabosu, you are making me rich.
What a feckin beeaaautyy
r/dogelore this seems about right
I love her!
I cant see that photo and my brain NOT tell me its photoshopped, just like the one with the shiba sitting. The origin photo is cursed at this point for me
1 doge always = 1 doge
Much wow
I'm just now realizing how fucking tragic it's going to be when this queen dies.
Little did she know she is going to the moon
Never has an animal made me this much money, thank you Kabosu, live long and prosper
She must be proud
Erect a shrine to this doge.
🥺 old doggies make my heart ache with such adoration and bittersweet love. Show me a sweet old doggie with a graying face and I'll collapse. Thank you for your beautiful silly face, Kabosu!
So doge coin will...
she looks dead inside
did you get any royalty for the picture :D :D
Awww. there's the big baby.  Hope you're doing well cutey!  =)
Still got it
Is that an unedited photo on the left?
Old girl
Ain't she beautiful
God bless her 🙌🏼
Me too bud..... me too
WOW much beauty !
Doge is pronounced Doh-j ? Not Doggie 🐶
Seriously sounds better as Doogie and makes more sense ! What the hell is a Dohj
at this point the original picture looks photoshopped to me, its head was so overused that now it looks photoshopped because i can see the whole real body instead of drawings...

But that's still a cute doggo
She's worth 1 trillion woofers
Before lockdown vs after lockdown.
As beautiful as the days I laid eyes on her.
I love her so much. Good doge.
She’s still beautiful!
Beautiful
Masari coin worth taking a look at.
She’s a living legend that’s for sure ❤️
This dog deserves a sold $100k of your stupid doge coin does she not?
It’s like dogecoin 15 years later
Look what you started... I love you, whimsical pooch.
Doge wow!
*Everywhere at the end of time starts playing*
I would give my life for this funny yellow dog
I still can’t believe that that is an actual dog, for some reason the doge has always had a photoshop-y look to it. But still a beautiful dog
Fly high Kabosu

To a deluxe apartment on the moon in that DOGE sky

We finally got a piece of the pie
When she passes all us apes better pony up for the biggest send off of all time. May she live forever though!
That dog looks bit sad
omg she is sooooo cuteeee <3
Before getting into dogecoin and after
Thanks Dogo, papa making some money on that DOGE now!
I love her
The legend herself will carry us to greatness
If she does will doge die with her?
Time is undefeated 😢😢
So you should own 1% of every coin
ITS QOUGE BABEY
Wait this doge should get royalties off dogecoin
Best fucking girl
Dam. Doge is the real good boy. To the moon dogecoin. $4.20.
Mmnaww, she's still cute as a button. much wow, indeed
Still a good girl
This doge and Mametsuke from Japanese Style Originator are number one best doggies!!!
good doog
Wow such beauty, much maturity
That's gonna be doge price in about 3months
Nice
Such a beautiful old sweetheart.
Kabosu is such a pretty girl ❤️❤️❤️
Just as beautiful as ever.
Such precious. 

Very cute.

Wow.
What a King
She is my hero wow

Such Doge <3
That dog indirectly made people millionaires. Such a good doggo
I aww, I updoge, I see the subreddit, I smile, I write this comment.

edit: this article is crazy, [chinese state propoganda](https://www.dailydot.com/unclick/wow-doge-is-not-dead/) said doge was dead in 2017 as an april fools prank on twitter
Still a great looking meme pupper
She wouldn't have imagined that her image would be used in currency
Don't do meth kids.
I hate when people post this photo because she looks bad in it. She looks way better in every other current photo
Doge has own coin. Doge is like queen.
He is still the very same doggo. Embrace age and be thankful for it.
She looks so different. She not yellow anymore 😔
I love her 🤍
I will always love DOGE
Such age, cute very still.
I just noticed the finger in the original photo lmao
She’s retired now.
This dog is a billionaire crypto meme!
And now, she's a billionaire.
Cute.
Ah so shes to blame
How much did she sell her meme for?
She better be seeing a cut from the doge coin
Still beautiful as ever!! 💛
her eyes tells you she's seen some things since those days.
God bless her soul
forever alive in meme world.
Left: Before dogecoin  
Right: After dogecoin
[removed]
Much loved at the moment
So doge, much old
🐶: when did I got that plastic surgery?
Oh man... This can be a meme template
Our ledgend is getting old
That dog is responsible for a lot of people currently having a decent amount of money.
2021 better not take my dogggo
I hope the owner sells that as an nft for a shitpot full of quiche.
I though this dog had died ? It was posted on here a while ago , people were pressing F in the chat to pay respects .
Internet people, this is true royalty before us! Long live the Eternal doge. At least for a few more years hopefully.
That's auntie Kabosu to you.
Buying at the top for Kabosu 💸💸
Doge is a female???
I want to be buried with this dog.
Make the original into a NFT
Shiba or Jindo?
Too much wow.
hello there dogecoin
Aging affects us all :(
Imagine having a currency named after you at at age of only 15! now that is success!
Such old, very wow
The man the myth the legend
She’s near the end... that’s sad...
This is history
She can still crack a big smile.
She will live forever
This is what my dogecoin will look like. Hodl
Wow
Such old. Many age. Wow.
Good doge
Didn’t she pass away? :(
Shouldnt someone be collecting lots of money right now?
Aww
Karen, you absolute mongrel, release me from time’s grasp
A true heroine 🦸‍♀️
Aged meme
All hail the great and mighty Doge
She died
How does one pronounce “Doge”

Doggie? dodge? dodgy? doj?
How was the picture that yellow? Was the lighting off or what?
Wow
Lil’ ol’ lady
Im saluting Rn
Feel old yet.
The photo on the left doesn’t feel real
she still adorable I just hope she don't die
WHAAAAAAA
Same energy
She looks unhappy
Such a good girl. Hope she doesn’t do something wacky and uncharacteristic
Beautiful. Truly a god.
I didn't know fur color changes that much in dogs, the ones I had never did
Edit: for clarity I mean where the white/yellow spots are
YAAAAAAS KABOSU
She has aged like I have. All sense of wonderment is gone. :p
damn doge been thru it
Doge is about to die just like this dog.
Legend
Why do some people pronounce it dodge-e and others say dog-e ?
To. The. Moon.
whe are NEVER gonna forget this legend!!
he still being a good boy;)
Old girl’s getting tired
Much wow
My dumbass forgot how to do math and thought 2013 wad 17 years ago
Inb4 KabosuCoin to the moon!
Before and after the influence of getting called a good girl stay safe....
She won't last long.

Take as many pictures as you can for later.
Awww they so old.
This meme is worth $85b
THE ORIGINAL DOGE! WE ARE NOT WORTHY OF YOUR GAZE, KABOSU!

She is absolutely beautiful and so regal in her prime age!
