The little water sneeze is what got me.
I never knew I wanted to be a baby seal swim instructor.
Jesus Christ they make things that cute??!!
Source: Osaka Kaiyukan Aquarium
https://www.kaiyukan.com/connect/blog/2021/05/post-2098.html
This video made my husband and I actually do what we said we would do for months now, which is to set up monthly donations to a marine mammal rescue near us.

ETA: it’s an [organization](http://marineanimals.ca/) that helps whales and porpoises and seals in the wild that have been beached or caught in fishing gear or otherwise in need of some help to survive in the wild.
My first thought was, "what the fuck is wrong with that puppy's legs?!?!"
This seal is literally the cutest living thing I have ever seen. Like what?! How is this even possible??

Edit: After reviewing the clip >10 times, I still have no idea how anything can be this cute. Isn't there a legal limit on cuteness or something?
So sweet! And those big eyes!
That moment when you realise you are a seal and you need to start acting like a seal
I thought it was a land puppy at first. 

Nope, is a sea puppy.
Our planet is so beautiful, y’all. We should all do our part to protect it, for ourselves and for animals like this little guy.
I wanna squeeze it.
It's so fluffy I'm gonna die!
Better than how my dad taught me how to swim, he just threw me in and said HE’LL LEARN and left the house to go get cigarettes.
Good lord, this got through my cold, dead heart
Well that's just precious.
Omg the instructor holding his little face above the water and gently lowering it, and then the little water sneeze/cough and then lifting his face up omg issocute
here's the download link for those who need it.
https://redditsave.com/info?url=https%3A%2F%2Fv.redd.it%2Fhs3ij1n2scx61
Saved from what?!? 😡 Who do I need to deal with for this precious angel?
I need a movie where this seal and a dog are best friends.
Cute lil sea pillow
Can they drown easily early on?
What Pokémon is this?
I need a check up on how this lil guy is doing. I NEEEEEDDDD ITTTTT

Edit: I found the most recent video https://www.kaiyukan.com/connect/blog/2021/05/post-2097.html
Omsqueeeeeeee that is a precious lil thing
Konnene!
Damn that cute AF
I LOVE HIM
SEALS ARE FLUFFY???????

HOW DID I NOT KNOW THIS
This has to be one of the cutest fluffy things I have ever seen.
sea poodle
this might just be the cutest thing i've seen in my life
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
I need the whole video please for the love of all that is fluffy
Awwww let us hear the cute little sneeze
I wonder what he's thinking;  "Oh, Wait!!  I'm a fish!?  Maybe I'm not, but this is just great!"
fuzzy_boi_swimming_lesson.mp4
Water Pomeranian.
u/savevideo
u/savevideo
I NEED MOAR PUPPY SEAL SWIM TRAINING VIDEOS!
Can’t believe one of them killed Bin Laden
Oommgggg adorable
Doggos of the sea
It looks like a dog shrimp. I love it.
Sea puppy!
"It's so fluffy I'm gonna DIE"
"these weird dogs are always wet"
"Ohhh, you're *not* supposed to breathe the water."
Baby seals look like water puppies
I want to report this for being too short
That thing is adorable
Seals are magical water doggies, and you’ll never convince me otherwise.
The eyes🥺🥺🥺
*starts intensely cleaning the plastic out of the ocean*
What is the evolutionary purpose of a seal being that cute
u/savevideo
Ooooh my gosh looks izza lil sea puppy ooooooo
My jaw dropped the entirety of this video....
MORE! I must have MORE! 

(Seriously, couldn’t tell if the bib or badge had a name on it - anyone know where this is from, because I want a live stream this shit).
The seals like omg I can move. It’s so much easier
What if he decided that he doesn't like water
Fish dog
BLOW BUBBLES

Now kickkickkickkickkick
I need the 2 hour version of this
First time seeing a baby seal. Thought it was a dog for a moment. It’s so precious. 🙂 I should visit this sub more often.
I thought it was a puppy at first!
This is so cute it’s giving me chest pains
I never get over how fluffy they are.
The first part was so precious
I’d say he’s doing swimmingly for his first time.
He's so FAT.
Ok seals look straight up _invented_ for cuteness they're legit balloon-like fuzzballs.
People used to club these things.
Awwwww....*looks at subreddit name*

Son of a...
Looks like a puppy with a mermaid
Tail!😍 now I see why they are called pups!!❤️
he 🥺 did 🥺 so 🥺 good😭
This is amazing. Just a little water pup. Has the exact same face as my dog.
This is the cutest fucking thing I’ve ever scene, I feel like I’m about to go into a rage
*****just a correction, this baby was born in the aquarium and is being cared for as a newborn*****
Aquatic mammals make no sense. You live in the ocean but you need air to live. That's just dumb.
Reminds me of the seals from Warcraft II.
u/savevideo
Bruh that’s the cutest thing I ever saw
I’ve had a stressful day. This made it better.
Water Doge!
I love seals despite literally knowing jackshit about them. (May 5 Wed 2021)
I thought that was a puppy at first in a mermaid costume.
This is clearly a muppet
This is so absurdly adorable that I can't get over it! I love that little guy! Look at his small flippers and his tiny nose!
They look like giant furry shrimp as babies.
Needed to see this after all the Duggar crap I’ve been reading
Do seals have any kind of protection on their eyes that lets them see better underwater or is it all blurry like when we open our eyes underwater?
Like humans bred dogs to be as cute as they are.

Yet somehow seals are the cutest thing ever.

Crazy how nature do dat
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Seals are like water dogs
im gonna cry🥺
His eyes are JUST SO BIG I’m in love
u/farmercurtis
Forbidden tempura...
Well there it is. The cutest fucking thing I've seen all week.
Sea pupper has the same eyes as my land pupper🥺
it's just a poofy blob with a little boopable face.

I wanna squish it!!! it looks like a sentient pillow <<33
Cute
HE LOOKS LIKE A LITTLE STUFFED ANIMAL AAAAH
Cute!
Water Puppy
\*screams\*

BAAABY SHARK!!
Wtf that looks like my puppy (Japanese spits) but with no legs. It’s uncanny lol.
Instinct is something amazing. Look at him go.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3L7VJl76i9U - in the wild it is so much tougher.
What a lovely little potato
i thought that was a puppy
Aaaand this just made my day.
It’s like a puppy 🐶 so cute !!!
This is the cutest fucking thing I’ve ever seen I’m going to die.
Lesson 1: Don’t drown.
Lesson 2: Swim.
Water dog :)
This is polar bear’s favorite food !
I love him. He shall be my squishy.
Sweet little water puppy.
Oh Jesus....it's tough being cynical when you're watching that....🤗
You cannot on any circumstances convince me that seals aren't dogs that have fins
I need an 24 hour video of this. So cute!
The Korean word for seal translates to ‘water dog.’ Now I see why 😍
Did anyone notice their fin grabbing the instructors hand??? I die.
D'awww, Prawn Puppy!
I was like why you holdin his head up, let the poor boy swim! Then I was like oh, that’s why.
There is no more adorable animal than the baby seal.
It was satisfying to see all the fur get wet.
imagine a human being giving a sea mammal a swimming lesson
Out standing
I used to work at a rehab centre for orphaned seal pups. This is not at all how a wild rescued baby seal behaves. A normal seal pup is hissing and snapping at the scary humans. My guess is this is a seal born in captivity who is tame
Merpuppies!
What a goood buoy!
Aw i want my very own seal it's so cute.
Can I haz one?
Aww indeed.. Aqua puppies are now my new favourite
I could watch this cute little guy all day long.
I’m crying at how adorable this is. I want to be the one holding the seal 🥺
This is so perfect for my wholesome award cuz its a seal
Oh my heart. Omg. This is too precious. That little sneeze thing he did in the beginning...ugh. So cute.
floaty fur potatodog <3
Sea puppy🥺💕
This just made my day way better than I expected
I was never a seal guy but this sealed the deal for me.
Its like a furry white potato with flippers
this gave me diabetes
How is it so cute what the fuck
Showing my dad so he understands proper swim training is not front kicking me backwards into a pool while screaming "THIS IS SWIM CLASS"
I open my free gift just to give it to this video
Seals really are just mermaid dogs, what the fuck
Petition for more baby seal content
I NEED MORE THIS CLIP IS TOO SHORT ARRRUGGHHHHHHH
ended tooo sooon
Where do I sign up? I want to teach little fluffy water puppies how to do the thing
u/savevideo
Why is this video so short!?!? I wanted to see more, not cool!
How do I get the next 47 lessons streamed?
I wish I learned how to swim this fast😩
u/CrownOfRice17 Milky nadando
Did you know that seal mothers only care for their children dor about 10 weeks, but it actually takes about 15 weeks for a seal pup to learn to swim, eat or all around survive. So basically almost all Arctic seal pups have a 4 week buffer time, where they sit around and pray not ro be eaten. Not only that later in life if a seal cant find afemale in mating seaaon, they will use penguins as living fleshlights.

I have the pain of knowing these facts, so now so do u. Ur welcome
He was forced to play league of legends
Did you see his face it is so cute!!!
It looks like a puppy with fins
I'll die for him
Precious baby
baby seals cute
That is wholesome
😍😍😍😍😍😍
This is so cute I wanna cry 😭
oh my God. it is so freaking cute
Can’t believe people bash the skulls these poor animals with bats as tradition
This is so cute......I can't handle thissssssss reeeeeeeeee
[deleted]
Damn he looks all dapper and ready for the club!
Welcome to the club...
My Canadian genes tells me I should get ready with a club after seeing this cute creature. Maybe it's inbuilt in us.
Can it ever be released into the wild, or does it have to remain in the care of humans for the rest of its life now?

If yes to the second one, can I have it?
Why do seals look like fish spiders to me?
There are people who hunt these things.
[removed]
[deleted]
They're so cute when they're still hatchlings!
Ohhhh sweet baby.
u/savevideo
u/savevideo
u/savevideo
/u/savevideo
u/savevideo
Please come home with me.
Cute
U/savevideo
Top half puppy bottom half fish
This is probably the cutest thing I’ve ever seen
Aww it looks like a little shrimp puppy
Seabert!!! 

Did anyone else watch that movie?
/u/savevideo
u/savevideo
NOOOO TOO CUTE
It's so fluffy I'm gonna die
Pathetic that we are praising his nonexistent air
u/savevideo
Someone remind me why having a pet seal is bad again?

My brain is distracted by the fact that thing looks exactly like a stuffed animal I got from Sea World as a kid. Too cute.
Why so fuzzy
/u/savevideo
u/savevideo
I NEED BABY NOWWW🥺😘😘😘😘❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
God I wish that were me
u/savevideo
Water puppy so much
Baby seals team six
They are just as cute as I remember when I played Overlord 2!
Not gonna lie, thought it was a dog that had fins for legs =D
That’s what I like to see 😊
The thing I really hate about this video is that it ends.
What a cutie water pupper
I want one
First thought it was a dog
[deleted]
Ok this is the video that proves that seals are just water puppies
That poor puppy doesn't have any legs.
He took to that like a duck to water.
lil baby sealo with the poop on his ass, splishin' and splashin' and taking his bath.
whys it so hairy
u/savevideo
At first I thought this was a puppy and got very concerned.
I just can't
My heart exploded. 🫀
I WANT ONE. Natures forbidden pet.
he’s so fluffy. i did not think he would be fluffy
Seals are doggy mermaids
I always catch myself saying awww what subreddit is this on. And then i look and im like 0_0 every time
u/savevideo
Words cannot describe how cute that seal is
I once watched a mama seal give birth on my family’s dock. It was very cool—she jumped up onto it in the middle of the day, which they rarely did, and then we realized that all these other seals were swimming around the dock like a patrol. Mama gave birth, which took about two minutes, then maybe ten minutes later the little baby jumped into the water and started to swim away! And then the seal patrol made more sense.
u/savevideo
u/savevideo
Sea pupppyyyyy
I thought that they were just born knowing it.....
/u/SaveVideo
Iam melting. So cute 😘
needs a bigger pool
You know, even knowing that the flippers are just modified feet I don't think I'd ever seen a seal's actual tail until now.
You made my day with this video! Thanks
OH MY GOD IT IS SO CUTE!!!!!!!!!
Awwwwuh!!!!!
u/savevideo
Shark waiting to eat that
cute little chonker
u/savemp4
u/savevideo
Sea pupper 🥺
u/savevideo
Wtf it looks like a puppy. Lol.
"Hey, I'm pretty good at this 'swimming' thing; it's like I was made for it."
Is it just me who thought that was a dog ?XD
TIL baby seals have fur?!
I love him
This video is entirely too short.
Why is this fish a doggo? God y u do this
Could this be any more adorable?! I mean, come on.
It’s ridiculous how cute seals are but they get absolutely demolished out in nature by things like sharks and orcas.￼
To think that Canadians would love nothing more than to bash that little one's brains in.
u/savevideo
u/savevideo
Cute cute
I honestly didn't know they had fur, I always thought it was like... idk.. rubber skin
I am a simple man, I sea a (baby) seal I upvote
It's like a fuzzy mermaid 😹
Awwww water puppy
I don't think I've ever seen anything this adorable in my life!
/u/stee4vendetta
Holy shit baby seals are fluffy????
Wait, seals are not fish?
Soon he will win a gold medal for his efforts.
u/SaveVideo
This video is about 45 minutes too short. We need more swimming
wow cool
Awwww, look at the fuzzy little sea blorp!
Go little water puppy, you can do it
At first I thought that was a baby Sog.
Wait seals GOT HAIR?!!
merpupper
I would die for that baby seal 🦭
How do people get jobs like this, I want a job like this
Okay, Too Cute😍
u/savevideo
<3
What a champ!!! Little guy is going to thrive in the water!
Sucha little cutiieee
Konene
My heart just can’t take it,,,, so cute 💕💕💕
I know Reddit people don’t like useless comments and smileys but. 🥰🥰🥰😘😘😘😍😍😍
u/Maluzc
Lil guys doin his best
I love you, baby seal.
I seriously first thought wtf was wrong with this dog mutant.... thats not a canine🤦🏻‍♂️ omfg
Water puppy🥺
Wow they really are like water dogs aren't they. I didn't expect the fluffiness
Illegally cute
I want onee
they are heroes without capes
That really is just a puppy with fins, huh?
literally a dog mermaid
That’s not a seal that’s a water puppy
*^a ^smol ^water ^doge*
Jesus fucking Christ this little thing is so cute.
u/savevideo
i want one
At first glance thought this was a dog with some messed up legs, wasn’t wrong
I need to see more of this!!!!
Who put fins on that puppy
I need this to be longer. Start a twitch stream of the little one swimming around.
 

# "It's So Fluffy!"
Water dog
I genuinely thought that was a dog. Or am I the only one?
Awww. I love how it's just like a puppy with a mermaid tail
Those eyes look like my little weiner girl.
So cute
Seal pups are the cutest creatures
Seals are just mermaid dogs
u/savevideo
I legit thought that was a weird dog for a second
Poor thing aspirated. Seems to be his first swim and he didn’t know how to deal and the hiccups immediately after we’re adorable. I turned up the volume and rewatched it. Thank u for killing my ears by cutting the audio. Overall I give this video a 4/10 purely because my ears hurt. Cute seal tho
u/savevideo
Omg! ♥️
Oh that's so fucking cute
u/savevideo
0:03-0:06

That cute lil flipper holding onto the caretaker's hand.  😍
Bless you. 💖
I THOUGHT IT WAS A MERMAID DOG
u/savevideo
u/savevideo
I want it so bad, it’s so cute
Wait, you have to teach a seal not to drown?
Bro it’s like a little water puppy omg
Chonky little boy 🥺
Yes. 🤟
TIL seals have fur, I always thought they where bald and slippery
It took to swimming like a seal to water 😂😂
SQUEEEEEEEE!!!
u/savevideo
u/savevideo
This is the cutest shit ever man .
Day made.
This is the goddamn cutest thing I have ever seen.
u/savevideo
Now, if only he had a clean ocean to swim in.
That looks like a MerPuppy
u/savevideo
Oh look Zarbon MORE BABY SEALS!!!
Mermaid puppy!
Smol
This little mermaid puppy is the absolute cutest thing I’ve ever seen. I feel aggressive now.
u/savevideo
Why are baby seals the cutest things in the world?
There's no wonder why people call them sea puppers
Such a cutie!
He's a natural
Went pretty swimmingly
I am actually going to cry. I can't even handle this. There's like a layer of sad because orphaned baby seal and then many layers of holy fuck it's adorable.
Pupper 🥰
Stop it
Seals look so much like dogs that I wonder if they have similar intelligence.
For the love of god can I have please have it
As Oliver Twist said so politely, “More please Sir.”
Imagine being a water mammal and having to learn to swim to the surface
This is the cutest thing I’ve ever seen
Are they born on land?
It's like it was thinking: 'Yeah - I know this by instinct, now what?'
That is pretty much exactly how mine mates dog acts in water, we have to hold her or she will shove her head in and take big breathes.. :/
It’s so Fluffy!

Thanks for the award kind stranger!
u/savevideo
Wtf this made me cry it was so cute
That seal like beautiful
Where can I go and kiss this?
Baby seals are somehow the cutest things ever
u/savevideo
So adorable
How did they learn in the wild
u/savevideo
Where do you work qnd how do I get a job there
seals are the dogs of the water, and i love them
At first I thought it was a puppy with a mermaid tail
So cute!
😍 sooo cuteee 😊
How does one get a baby seal for a pet?
🙏🙏🙏❤️❤️❤️💪💪💪
What a cute fish dog
I DEMAND MORE SEAL PUP VIDEOS.
Precious water pupper.
That is too precious
Harp seals should be called puffer seals. That thing puffed up once it was immersed in water
So cute!
I...I need more
We want more!
Fur??
That's so cute, hopefully he's doing ok!!!
Where do I apply for this job
just dump it in the f- sea
u/savevideo
What an awesome job!
poor baby seal like Why This Monkey Do This — ohhhhHHH
Bebe seel blow bubbles QuQ
What a little bitch
I want a longer video! Cuteness overload!
Aww, so cute, they are truly precious
It’s just a little water puppy!
you're a seal harry!
I love him
It just registered to me that seals don’t have legs!! They’re literally mermaid dogs
I guess i just assumed they just had instinctual knowledge about holding their breaths and swimming
It’s a mermaid puppy
OMG!! For a second he/she almost drowned in 2 inches of water LOL!!! So CUTE!!!!
Seals r so weird. It’s like they are a cross between a fish and a dog.
Ocean puppies
"Hmmm, I see alot of blue, ocean takes two flaps to cover entire distance, reporting back to base"
u/savevideo
u/savevideo
U/savevideo
u/vredditshare
ITS SO FLUFFY AND CUTE
Lol
haha He looks like a pokemon!
😍
Dying.
This is seriously what I needed to see today!
It's Seabert! My favorite cartoon as a kid.
OMG IT'S LIKE A PUPPY WITH FLIPPERs 
I WANT TO DIE
Sucker gave the bobbing toy a wide berth. “Get away from me you pos”
I had sealskin boots when I was a boy.  Now I feel bad.
I wish he could have a bigger tub to swim in.
Awww when it snout dips below the water I love it's "What the hell, I can't breathe this?!" reaction
I think guinea pigs have more defensive evolutionary adaptations than baby seals and guinea pigs have NONE.
IM IN TEARS
PRECIOUS SEA PUPPY
Why the fuck is this so cute
Ah, yes. Behold the majestic water pupper.
aww
Aweee!
shaped like a friend
It’s crazy how similar they are to dogs. They’re the same in every way except for the full-time swimming part
Is that a baby seal dolphin
Such a beautiful creature!❤
How are these not related to dogs?? So adorable
I fucking love reddit
Awwww, he's a natural.  And incidentally, this seal is so sweet I'm getting a cavity.
Looking at this clip, lifelike robot baby mammals would probably be a big industry in the future.
I want one!
u/savevideo
Wowow where can I rent one??

Jk awesome video!! Let’s contribute to their conservation!!!!!! 🦭
A shareable version: https://cukute.com/en/rescued-baby-seals-first-swim-lesson
Omg so cute  T—T
cutest baby ever! <3 <3 <3 <3
Everyone with a free wholesome award: my time has come
Weird looking doge
Turned my volume up to max at the start so I could hear his cute little noises.  Damn, no sound.  Oh well.  I’ll keep watching.

RIP my ears, and scared the hell out of my cat.
u/savevideo
I love nothing more than that baby seal
Ah! So that's how these feet things work.
The dogs of the sea
It’s so cute I could club a seal
Soooooooooo cute
It's disgusting these puppy mills are allowed to continue
Ooooommmmggggg so much cuteness!
HOW DOES IT KNOW?!
ANYONE KNOW WHAT KIND OF SEAL THIS IS
The only thing grey that you could eat that would be healthy for you is seal meat.
I never knew that seals were furry?! Am I thinking of a sea lion?
Possibly the most cutest animal I’ve seen this morning. 😍
They really are sea puppies aren’t they
I thought it was a regular land dog at first!
They’re just little water dogs as babies!
OMG! Thats the cutest thing EVER! I want one of those!
omg the eyes. it’s so cute. 🥰
Jesus Christ that seal is too fucking cute
u/savevideo
nice
Straight up mermaid dogs
Yay!!!!!
Need moar
u/savevideo
>!Wow sooo Cute!<
This is cute and all sure adorable. BUT this ,I feel, is a little sad. Their mother isn’t teaching them/ no room just move around in a small box. I think they should of tried in a bigger tank so they can try without constantly stopping to turning.
Damn, I read "navy" seal... That would have been weird.
Sea Puppy
I definitely thought that was a puppy before I read the title.
Who put flippers on that dog?!?!
Yesss and actually yess...
Didn't read the title, thought...Holy fuck whats wrong with this dogs legs
É muita fofura! lindinho de mais!!!!!
Saoirse the selkie!
Awww at first he was like “what is this?!” Then he was like “Hey I belong here”
I love harp seals way to much. Harp seals as baby's are white, adults are white and grey. Harp seals are basically what the real name of what an artic seal is, look it up sometime maybe.
I love harp seals way to much. Harp seals as baby's are white, adults are white and grey. Harp seals are basically what the real name of what an artic seal is, look it up sometime maybe.
omfg
Looks nice.
TIL seals actually have fur
u/savevideo
They are Sea dogs!
Sea puppy
I must hug it
Puppies are so cute when they swim!
Sea Dog
He is so cute. No doubt why they are called sea dogs. Good boy.
Well, that’s just precious
that’s a sea puppy the fuck you mean seal
My eyes must be getting worse. I saw someone carrying a Pomeranian with no back legs and a matted tail.
Baby seals look like a mix between a dog and a dolphin.
Lil water doot
So cute!! ❤
Glad to see him make it back into water. Welcome to the club!
This is so super cute. \*heart eyes\*
Just hide them from the Canadians they like to club this things
Are seals hairy or smooth skinned? I read that penguins have thick coat so they seem smooth (or was it some other animal idk)
So cute... and yet Overlord II taught me to want to club it for Lifeforce.
weird looking dog
Oh, no wonder people say seals are fluffy, I thought they are round and smooth.
Dude I swear these things are mythical creatures. Only makes sense, look at it!
Can I order that rather than the lobster?
Who the HELL has scrolled past this and didn’t give it an upvote?
So you see, that's where the trouble began.

Those eyes.

Those damned eyes.
Cutest thing I’ve ever seen 🥺
That’s a Pokémon.
cute lil sea pupper! Wish I could hear the little sneeze
Omg that’s the cutest thing I’ve ever seen. I am willing to give my life to protect.

Edit: After my dog. He’s priority number one and the goodest of the goodest dogs.
Why is he so fluffy!!!!!!!😍😍😍😍😍
I would never call out of work. NEVER.
😂
Water dog!!
Baby seal = mermaid puppy
It's so crazy there were psychos killing them
"I seem to be made for this."
If that isn't the cutest thing I've ever seen
“I was made to do this!”
[deleted]
u/savevideo
That is a good Biped!
Look at the pupper go!
Omg. I wanna throw him into my Chao garden.
u/savevideo
All the time and effort and money to raise a predator's dinner.   

I just can't help but think of all those videos of animals being eaten within seconds of their release. Are there any statistics about how long these rescued animals live once released into the wild and if they're able to reproduce?
that no sound for the first part was annoying because i nearly kicked my desk from the start of the sound
AHHHHH IT'S LIKE A LITTLE PUPPY WITH A TAIL HELPPPPPPP IT'S TOO CUTE-
How cuddly are those things, it looks like a giant fur ball!
First I thought it was a puppy dressed up!
I need more
Awww cuteness overload
Wait, baby seals are fuzzy?
Omg I’m going into school to be a veterinary technician, and when I get my diploma I can basically work anywhere as long as there is animals, and this makes me want to work with seals so much 😭❤️
Yay!
Cute
I want! 😍💖
Why is it posted here
u/savevideo
Hahaha I thought it was a dog wearing a mermaid costume!
Seriously so adorable
I like point where he’s like, “Woh. Wait. Wtf!? I can see under water!”
And to think there are people that are capable of clubbing baby seals in this world...
OMG SO PRECIOUS MY HEART FEELS SO FULL
Baby seal do do do do
Idk that guy doesn't look he works out much or can for that matter. Cute i guess
So cute!!!
Wtf did you do to the audio? Lol
I wouldn’t assume seals need to learn to swim. Unless it’s traumatic childhood caused it to not be able to and I’m just being a jerk
My brain like almost cannot even process how insanely adorable that seal pup is.
[...Serge?](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLCK5Lcs_vqSA96RsqCqTSDUnKk-T6bCLY)
Do they really need to hold the head like that? I'm guessing in nature, they just get into the water and love with the consequences.
End of the day you must feel great.Thanks for sharing.
it trying to breathe underwater reminds me of my puppy's inability to understand things that they haven't yet experienced. 

the first time they tried to walk on the pool was very cute, but they figured out how to doggy paddle their way out before i had a chance to get in and save them.
omg soooo cute
WATER PUPPER!!!!
Cute sea pupper
omg, My heart is melting from cuteness
Aww such a floofy chonk 😭
I want one
u/savevideo
u/SaveVideo
U/savevideo
One time like 25 years ago my family and I were on vacation at Ocean Shores, Washington and we saw a seal pup crying on the beach. So we drug it into the water and it would crawl back up to the sand. It kept repeatedly doing this. So we ran to the hotel and told them. They called animal control and rescued the little pup.
Oh my they really are water puppies. So sweet.
I would give ANYTHING to pet that seal.
hmm
It would haunt me forever if i had to club something this cute
I had no idea they had fur. That's adorable.
Is that a cute lil water fluff ball?
So precious. 🥺
Mermaid puppy
