We need a video of you giving him a treat please
That is amazing. He is so excited to see you!
Green bean
From what I’ve read it seems like emerald tree skinks are about the most personable small lizards out there. He’s a cute little guy.

[Information on Emerald Tree Skinks](https://youtu.be/sMH_gx7r6BY)

For those who may be interested check out this video
Love the little eye squint at the end like "This is good"
This is fascinating, I thought in general reptiles didn’t really form bonds, especially with humans. Generally they just kind of tolerate people.
My sons beardy would scratch at the door to be let out then bask on the windowsill with the cat, they had an understanding.
He really can't wait to run up your arm!  Cool.
thats wild. what does a lizard make of a human?
Green boi
Awh smile eyes at the end. Good boi
This guy looks like a legless lizard but with legs
He is SO EXCITED to be with you! I love this with all my heart, thank you for sharing it with us. I'd love to see more videos of him. What a sweet pea.
I got questions. 
1:what type of lizard is he ?! 
2: how did U go about training him to do this ? 
3: on a scale from dog to cat how human friendly is he ?
Please feed him a critter for me
"That bigger tree came...gotta jump on it"
Does he help you save 15% or more on car insurance?
I wish my beardie was like that, she's a little grumpy goblin. I have to scoop her manually every time to get a hug
People sleeping on reptiles and amphibians. Those little guys are so quirky. Had a barking tree frog that would love to chill on my shoulder as I did things around the house. Sometimes he'd watch tv. I'd wake up to him barking on rainy days (so, almost every day here in Florida) and have to shush him. He'd just go back to doing it when I got back in bed. Dude really thought he was gonna get a girl.
Hes like a little green scaley Rufus from Kim Possible. 

Love him already.
What kind of animal is this? Iguana? Chameleon? Bearded Dragon?
Oh, I'd love to see more!
So, how do you earn a lizards trust? Just asking for a friend.
I like how small animals always stay on our shoulders. Like they know that’s the best place.
Some people are saying bearded dragon in the comments but it doesn't look like one. Does anyone know what kind of lizard he is?
It's called Stockholm Syndrome.
Someone please explain?? I didn’t think it was possible for a lizard to form a bond with person.
You just wait, he’ll start telling you about how you can save 15% or more on car insurance
damn, overly cute
he fastt
What a weird green bean lol
dude thats is sooooo cool
Aww hiss

Muther fuckin


Cuddles
This is my response to people who try and tell me reptiles are all dumb and dont have the capability to get excited to see their humans. Earning a reptiles complete trust is an amazing experience and makes keeping reptiles so much fun❤❤
Leaping lizards! (I couldn't resist)
So darned cute.  I hope he lives long cute healthy life.  I want to hold him and hug him
He looks like a jalapeño with legs
"Excellent! The Food Monkey(tm) has arrived!"
lamprolepis smaragdina, emerald tree skink. Dunno why OP didnt tell us the sp.
u/savevideo
I'm not really a fan of scaly critters, but that's a cute one
Love the little tippy taps when you reach toward the door handle.
I used to have two, they treated me the same way!  Such awesome friendly lizards.
He looks like a frooooooooog
“let’s sell car insurance”
Can you PLEASE tell me how you gained its trust? Maybe it can help me
This makes me think that lizards are very intelligent. Are they as intelligent as dogs and cats? 🤔🤔🤔
Uuuuu so cute ☺️
Please tell me his name is jalapeño
Earning an animal's trust is always such a beautiful moment! So cute!
Precious boy.
I forgot to tell yall that these are Emerald Tree Skinks!
this person needs car insurance
"now go, my noble steed!"
He looks like a big bean with legs, very cute
People highly underestimate animals when you have there trust. I believe animals can become more intelligent when they interact with humans often and have actual relations. The more I interact with my cat  and build our friendship the more he trusts me. I could now legit vacuum him with the attachment hose of a vacuum but he use to be afraid of the vacuum
Shoulder lizard <3
That's awesome.  My daughter's chameleon tries to hide from me.
The little wanker sure was excited to see you. 😆
These make cool pets?!?! I got about 50 of these beautiful suckers in my backyard.
He is only using you as source of mobile heat, I can't believe that cold-blooded bastard is playing with you feelings. Wait a second, need to have a talk with my cat.
He look like a lil chilli pepper
When I traveled to australia they have small lizards like this, out behind the hostel a HUGE amount of them. like dozens.  every day I would run out there and go catch one and hang out with them all day.  you could set them on top of my head and they would hide in my hair, and they'd just stay there i guess because its was warm,  then at will, I could comb your hands through your hair on both sides and your fingers would weave under the lizard and you could lift them out of your hair as they stood on your laced fingers.  They'd even seemingly fall asleep sitting on my hand, it was so cute to see their little eyes close.  It was odd how less skittish they were when you went and scooped them off of your head

 it was a real bizarre skill to try and catch them without hurting them.  A few times their tails came flying off which was gross, I guess this is a defense mechanism, but that did not happen very often. like twice all year. I never bashed them or crushed them with my hand surprisingly because they were so small  you could distract them with one hand and sneak they other one behind them and trap them with it, but they were wild and FAST.  the ones I caught were about half the size of your dude here.
it's such a good feeling when you earn the trust of another animal :-) what a cutie too!
Every time I see these types of vids I think they’re cute but I don’t know if reptiles are capable of deep relationships. I thought they were very simple/transactional creatures.
Omg he was so excited lol! Is it a skink?
I like all animals, but find this oddly terrifying - he just straight up was waiting for you and jumped straight up at you. As someone who's not used to reptiles and touched a snake like 1 time in my life, that shit is nightmare fuel lmao.

Good on you though, what a nice thing to develop. Enjoy!
Your lizard mastery will be much appreciated in the coming wars.
HELLO WARM FEEDING MACHINE!
At a job I had, a security guard would swat flys all day, and had the lizards trained to eat from his hand.
Aw. My iguana Obie was the same, when I was a kid. Took a few months of hand-feeding him monkey chow and him going completely nuts when I walked to his big ol' tank. But after awhile he learned I was the food guy *and* was all warm. Became my bud after that. (Or at least figured I wasn't a threat and had food lol) Would scramble up his tree limb, jump up my arm and crawl up on my head. Loved that dude.
I’ve never seen anything like this.
How do you get to that level of trust with a lizard?
This is why I have a new fond love for reptiles. I remember when we first got our yellow bellied turtle, I thought she was pretty dumb for a pet. She was always scared of us, always running off or swimming away when we tried to feed her. But eventually after about a month or two, she started to approach us. Now when we clean her tank, she swims up to us until we pick her up. 

&#x200B;

She already recognizes jars as food too, so when she sees me holding a jar and walking to her tank, she starts to splash about waiting until I feed her. She so cute!
Lizard : *finally!* *Let's go get coffee and snax*
That precious little fatty 🥺❤️
What a handsome boy! You know he’s happy and healthy because his color is so vibrant and shiny! I love reptiles, they have so much more personality than people realize
Mark Zuckerberg before he puts on his robot human exoskeleton to start his day.
So cute. Looks like he wants to go for a walk.
You now have a real life Pokemon
I’m curious to know what you had to do, and how long it took to earn this trust.  Need to see what lizard treats look like.
With that kind of leap you don't even need to extend your hand, perhaps not even your arm.
He’s like, okay let’s go!
I raised Jackson's Chameleons years ago and they would come right the front of the cage like this one.  I would open a container of crickets and they would eat right out of the container, like a bag chips.  When they got full they would go back inside and chill.  We had babies a few times and they were amazing.
he is cute but looks like a jalapeño
He can save you money on car insurance
Its not trust its stockholm syndrome
Interesting, I didn't know lizards could form bonds like this.
He can probably save you 15% or more on car insurance
I feel like there aren’t enough reptiles on this sub Reddit, they’re so cute and awesome.
I had no idea lizards could trust people
And people really wonder why you might want a reptile for a pet
This really is beautiful
The ability of humans to be so kind is the thing that gives me hope 🙂.
Very unexpected AWWW
I'm curious why reptile enclosures are mostly glass, instead of chicken wire, or something similar.  Do they have some kind of climate control inside?
Serious question but can lizards and reptiles form bonds? I understand not to the level of dogs and cats.
Anything to get out of a glass box
u/savevideobot
Oh I've seen this before: Stockholm syndrome.
What a sweet guy!
Awwwww🥺
Awwww what a happy lil plantain!
Anole?
This is so cute!
That’s freaking awesome!
Wow!
Aweee that’s so damn awesome
Looks like a green pepper!
So sweet
u/savevideo
That is super cool!
This is the coolest.
There is something so special about earning the trust of an animal like that .
a compilation of this cute ritual would be amazing
Omgggg I'm so jelly
Treats?
So cute! What kind of lizard is he? And how did you earn his trust?
Wait, lizards can attach to humans like dogs?
What a happy little green boy
What species is he?
Amazing!  That must be so lovely.
Yoo Mark Zuckerberg! Haha
I find it amazing how smart these little buggers are. Who knew? 

 I have a red eared slider. Once, I gave her a piece of chicken jerky for a snack. From then on every time I'd walk past, she'd come up to the glass begging for more  and then she began to recognize the container it was stored in.
Do they like company or being alone?
Adorable !
How does one earn this level of trust?
God, this is amazing. Really needed to see something this cute today
Omg it got so big!!!!
I have not owned any animals till now , so I was curious how do people make a animal trust them ?
I'm so jealous! I've always lover these little guys.
The food bringer is here!!!
how did you manage to earn his trust?
So cool!
What happened to 0P in this thread?
What type is he?
Idk, his facial expression still says he’s still suspicious of you.
“Open the door! Open it!” *Yoink*
That’s a special type of adorable.
Leapin' Lizards!
OH MY!!! I love this!
Yay
As a person  who is afraid  of lizard my body started  to shiver when it climbed your hand
How much of a discount do you get on insurance?
Wheeeeeeeeeeeeeee!
He's making a beeline for your ear in order to whisper sweet nothings about lizard people
Aw! That's fantastic! Such a happy green scalepuppy!
He looks very suspicous at you, are you sure he trusts you?
I love lizards!!! That's the coolest lizard boi ever!!!
Total cutie
What lizard? Need me one!
Scaley pupper
What kinda lizard is that?
Hair
Lizard zoomies!
what a cute lil green booger
How long do they live?
r/savesnowdays
Lizard: "GIVE INSECT, WARM TREE"
He is very smooth and green. Pretty boi.
That’s amazing I’d that a skink?
Almost as good as a Bowtruckle. Almost.
Man, a lizard without a visible neck is just a short snake with legs huh.
What is that, a skink?
One minute he's jumping on your arm, the next minute he's trying to sell you car insurance.
What kind of lizard is that
Gex?!?!?!
What’s really impressive is how you resist flinging it off instantaneously.
We used to eat lizards like this, I don’t know the name but they look similar. I kinda miss my province now.
Is he a lemon gecko?
He's tryna help you save on car insurance
Are most lizards like this?
I am speed
I used to have a little fence lizard that my neighbor found in her bathtub. I made him a nice terrarium and fed him juicy crickets. He would sit on the couch with me watching tv, either next to my shoulder on the top edge of the couch or he would sit on my knee.
Cute
GEX 🥰
So you're basically a Disney princess.
Look at those tippy taps!!
I’ve had anoles that go from trying to take the end of my finger off to behaving like this.
He is beautiful! What kind of lizard is he?
He looks a Jalapeño
How long do they live?
lol
So sweet 🙂
Geico!
*"Hey lil mama lemme whisper in your ear"*
First gain there trust then lure them for full rune g
That is the coolest thing ever!
Is this an emerald tree skink? I've considered getting one.
Mother of dragons
I would fresh it when a reptile jumps on me
Is this the cinnamon roll eating lizard?
That's truly beautiful to see. I love this.
Sooo cute
i love when i earn my pets trust. it makes my heart swell and i feel so fulfilled. 🥺🥺
I've been trying to get more into reptiles and I must say this is the cutest one I've seen so far!
Yoshiiii
Aww friends
He is beautiful ! ❤️
What kind of lizard is He?
They look so healthy and so excited to see you
Made me smile
So cute. your so lucky, that trust <3
Wow, I didn’t even know they build up a kind of relationship to a human or even recognize a person.
How do you know your lizard is a male?
lizard
nobody is talking about how fast the gecko jumped
Why does it seem impossible to get this type of behavior from a snake?
The first time he woulda ever jumped at me like that would have made me jump so high
Aw! Cute lizard
Whats the trick?
that’s so beautiful!
That’s adorable
Lol, that's emerald tree skinks for you. If there is a human nearby, they'll climb it.
And you're a heat factory, so win-win!
I love seeing animals show human emotions. 🤗🤗🤗
Yasss
I love his little eye-look at the end. Like: BOING! CLIMBCLIMBCLIMB SCAMPERSCAMPER "^(Hey.)"
Bestie!!! You're up!!!
He want the FOOD
Jalapeño
Does he just hang out? Doesn’t run off??!!
He looks forward to it lol
this is so cute
Dude that’s the coolest thing I’ve seen on Reddit in awhile 😎
Adorable connection ☺️
Emerald tree sinks are on my bucket list for sure!!! Amazing job with you handling and care!
He’s your buddy!!! 😁
this is so freaking precious
🦎🥰
... to eat you 😂
green noodle
Chubby jalapeño walking here!
So, I got to ask how many times did the little guy escape/ flat our run away before you got this down?

Looks like he could leap to freedom.

Also awesome bond, very cool
Thats the coolest thing i've seen today
"We've got insurance to sell!"
Awww he like “hiiiiiiiii”
How did you tame him bc i always wanted a pet iguana but they freak out every time i even get close! I had to give it to someone bc it just wouldnt chill.
Cute little skinker!
Neat
That's supercool!
This is too adorable! 😁
Good liz
He was smiling! At least, his eyes were 😄
HOOMAN! GIMMIE DAT FOOD HOOMAN! WHERES DAT FOOD AT?!?! HUH?! HUH?!
/u/savevideo
What did you do to earn his trust.
The perfect escape plan!
What moves does it know and what nature is it and are gonna evolve it
going to activate my free award for this. Give me a sec….
Green anole?? My friend that is Jake from Animorphs
He knows its time to get out of the box now...
Hello human. Where are my bug snacks?
If Kermit were a lizard
Does he every try to run away? Or get lost?
He probably tells his buddies Watch how I’ve trained it to bring me food.
This is awesome
Cutee!
Lol just couldn’t wait!
Had a baby iguana like that when I was a kid. Had a cage just like that for her. Got her trust by holding my hand out and she climbed on my shoulder. Sadly, since she was a baby iguana she randomly stopped eating then she died at the vet. I miss her a lot.
Super cool! What an entertaining little friend.
Wow! Love is stored in the creature!
"Warm human soft human, little ball of flesh "
I had an anole named buddy that did this!
Why does your snake have legs? /s
What a Chonker
Oohh what kind is it!? I had a dream about one a few months back.
That’s awesome!
/u/savevideobot
“Reptiles don’t feel love“
*THE FOOD GIVER COMES*
My man sprung into his hands. Lovin lizard right there.
😭❤
Nooooooooo
Oh My God I’d die
Nice dog
Real D&D familiar energy. Very cool!
This makes me so happy. He’s so cute 😭
What is this little guy?  A green anole?
This brightened my day
Good..yes! But how much can he save you on your insurance?
Awwww they’re skipping up your arm 🥰
We have a lizard in our garden. He lives under a rock formation what marks the grave of one of our dogs.
He loves to sunbath on those rocks.

My 3yo loves him always checks on him and wanted to hold him the other day but I told him we can't because he is wild.

I will show him your vid. I am sure he will love it!
For some reason i thought it was a PC Case at first and i was like "COOL a terrarium case!" Until i realized that the dirt would fuck up the parts and burn the lizard
!🥺🥲🥰😌  ^____^ 😌🥰🥲🥺! too precious!!!
How does he know the glass is there?
Please tell the story of how you got him to gain your trust.
Adorable!
That is so adorable! Pets are absolutely wonderful.
Well that’s just adorable.
🍃
I’ve never seen a Peruvian pepper so excited
I was confused for a minute as to how a jalapeño had arms and legs
what's his name?
Damn, that is a pretty lizard. Some kind of skink?
Super cool.
Hola Skinks!
What is this fellow, green anole?
This is awesome
How did you earn his trust? I have a chameleon Im trying to befriend
Didn't know reptiles could recognize humans a form habits,  amazing!
That’s a a skink right?
What is he?
Cool little fella
“Gosh I just love this big moving tree that feeds me.”
😍
^^^^yoshi~
Did I just witness Lizard tippy taps?!
Nyoooom
There’s no better feeling than when you maxed out your friendship meter with your ~~Pokémon~~ friend.
gaining trust of your pet has to be the best moment in life...
Smooooooooth friend.....
He wants to tell you about Gieco as soon as he wakes up, what a reliable car insurance guy!
Is this affection? Reptiles can show affection? I thought that was only a warm-blooded thing! I am such a fool.
No hesitation! That was awesome.
Awww That’s the best!
Drop his skincare routine
What kind of Lizzy?
Lizrd
Goes up to your ear “15 minutes can save you 15% or more on car insurance”
Lizards have emotions.. I...
This is awesome. Its what my then 8 year old daughter though her ball python was gonna be like :D
What kind of dog is that?
zero neck
“Yeahhhhh, show me the world big boy”..
What’s a cutie.

Like that documentary “the octopus teacher.”
Thats so cute! I have a question: i remember seeing somewhere ages ago that lizards werent capable of growing attachments to humans the way cats and dogs do, is that not true? If not then that would be pretty awesome!
Interesting. I had pet lizards. They ran like hell when/if they got out
Hello food man!
How does he react when you try to put him back into the cage?
I don’t really like to touch reptiles.
Hehe green forest puppy go jump
r/tippytaps ?
Ladies and gentlemen...

He
It’s been a while since I last audibly ‘awwed’
Are you Mark Zuckerberg?
Looks like a pickle
That’s a cute lil bub right there
Handsome boi 😊
Is that an annole?
You have been "Lizardfied"!

Now the changes will begin.

Greenish skin.  Clinging to the walls.

Eating flies.

Good things!
That’s so sweet!!!
Hell yeah love it thank you for sharing this post
That's a skank right?
It’s a scaly dog
Cute
Does he know your face? That's sounds dumb but some animals can remember faces, can lizards ?
That thing can't wait to get out of that cage. Can't blame it.
You have an owner now
He's just grooming you for the big breakout.
I just found a lizard cute what is this feeling. Like a tiny slimy dog
His living space looks awesome!
Very heartwarming.
Finally, someone let me out of my cage
Wholesome
Emotion or just excited cause he's got a fat juicy wax worm comin?
You’re Rapunzel now
What animal is this?
Mlem
💚💚💚
I'm amazed.

I got a bearded dragon as a kid, hoping it would be something like this.

The thing didn't give a damn about me. Which to little me, was absolutely devastating.

I also feel bad though, because I didn't know it when I was a kid, but I think the habitat we had for him was way too small.

He got so much bigger than we anticipated. We got him when he was a couple years old already, thinking he was done growing. Homie just kept getting bigger, probably explains why he wasn't in a very good mood during his later years. Sorry Rex.

Edit: I should add that we eventually sold him to another kid, he didn't die or anything. Hopefully they got him a bigger habitat. It was like 3 feet long, but shit, he was close to that long too.
I... Have been playing too much Pokémon snap.
It’s like a terrestrial version of My Octopus Teacher!
Awesome.
I’ve always wanted to work with this species. Have you bred them?
What Pokemon is this?
So uh, what exactly is he?  Clearly some sort of lizard-like reptile or amphibian, but let's get a species.  I like him regardless, just curious.
Cute!
Mother of dragon’s.
I went with guinea pigs instead of a reptile.... some days I wish I did, after cleaning up these little shits shit for the second time in a day. My sons love them but  they shit an ungodly amount. Literally an insane amount of shit. My first experience with rodents but I do love them tons. Such sweet creatures. Mine are now super friendly and love to rest on your chest.
Such a nice little green fren
Nice anole
awww what a cutie!! Happy for you both :)
That is so cute!!!
this is weirdly similar to my ferret's reaction when i open the cage each morning.
What are the steps one takes to eventually become this close to a reptile?
Oh my holy adorable
I wonder what this lizard thinks every time he see his human. “Ahh yes, the warm food giver has returned”
That's gorgeous!
How do I become a Pokemon trainer like you?
Bro I literally refuse to accept that amphibians and reptiles don't feel affection/emotions towards their owners, for exactly this reason.
The little happy eye squint at the end is everything omg
Clint’s Reptiles did a great video on how these guys are one of the friendliest pet reptiles.
You have a hair on your shoulder
Nah just wants out of the restrictive prison he's in
It looks like between a frog and a lizard.
What is he? Ig always wanted a reptile/lizard and have been looking into one
Nice warm human with food, I trained him well.
What kind of lizard is this?
That’s a jalapeño
**PEAPOD**
u/savevideo
Lizards are so cool!
Wow...so wonderful!
How wonderful I really congratulate you, that is a symptom of the great heart you have ...
Would love to know, 1.) how did you do this, and, 2.) how long did it take.  I had my anole for nearly two years, and he freaked out every time I lifted the screen top to feed him.
That’s awesome that he trusts you. Lizards are great little pets! I have a veiled chameleon named Artie, and he loves to go for rides as well. If I am close to his enclosure he will reach out his cute little mitts and reach for me until I put my hand out and let him crawl onto it. He also LOVES when I pet him right above his nose, in between the eyes. He closes his eyes and drifts off to blissville :)

Hey, I just noticed I have a free award to give and it happens to be a wholesome one, which I find super appropriate based on your awesome little guy there.
I’m terrified of lizards, reptiles etc but this made me smile
is that an anole? :o
Aw😍
Thats AWESOME
Cute.
That's an amazing habitat by the way.
I thought reptiles don’t have the part of the brain that allows for the creation of relationships? That they’re basically doing this for completely unemotional reasons?
Kenny, is this you?
That's cute
Wow this is awesome. Though if it were me at least the first time it happened I would probably need to change my pants.
What a cutie!
It’s that little eye squint that showed he felt safe for me 🥺🥺🥺
 Little sneed
He'll still take a dump on you without thinking twice.
What a handsome jalapeño
How did you do that? It’s amazing
Gex: enter the gecko
Froggo snek
Oh look, my walking tree is here! AWAY TREEBEARD!!!
Bebe
What kind of lizzard is that she's so friendly!
Good morning hooman.. What's for breakfast? Oooh mealworms, my favorite!
damn that jump!
NOPE
Help the unripe banana is attacking
Cute!
Jumped on you with no hesitation
Lizards are so fast, I would be scared to lose him when I open the door. How are you supposed to catch it back if it wants to flee?
Liked that but if he jumps on me imma have an heart attack
He’s HUNGRY
Awwww
Wow so amazinggg!
Super jelly, I want one soo bad but they're sadly illegal here 😭
It's the lizard from the best game ever: Gex: Enter the Gecko
That’s so cool. I’m getting a second kitten today. I love animals
He looks ready to tell you ab insurance
He is so smooth
That's great. I love lizards. He's a cute thing
He wants to get in there and take care of that earwax for you!
That is cute
Lizadr :>
That is so cool I did not know you could earn their trust!
Green bean
I don't know why but I feel those eyes look so human
u/savevideo
awww he loves you
Awww Stockholm Syndrome is adorable!
Maybe he is just happy to be out of the cage he is being kept in, instead of being in the wild where he belongs.
[deleted]
The animal only cares about your flesh warmth. 

Please escape from double-digit IQ purgatory. It's really concerning that you think reptilians care that you exist.
[deleted]
