When my partner fell down stairs and broke her leg, our dog came to sit on her and protect her.

... I mean, it wasn't exactly helpful, but it was rather sweet.
I'd like to think my dogs would act like this but I have Huskies, and they would just as likely bugger off for an adventure.
As an EMT I have a hard time not petting people's dogs even though I know I am the most likely person they'll bite. 

I've met some really awesome dogs at work though so it's worth it. As long as I have enough fingers left to put on ekg leads/drive for my medic. 
Oh my gosh this video. That sweet dog not wanting to bite, and then the dude reaching out to comfort his doggie, just so much sweetness in such a short clip. 



*Edit:Holy cow my first gold! Thank you kind stranger! Happy New Year everyone!!
"I am going with him. Or else."
:( what a good pup. Hope the owner was ok
Good dog didn't actually want to bite either, it was just pretending. 
My dog would be like “Loads of new people here **and** my owner is on a stretcher and can’t stop me meeting them?? Best day *ever*!
The guy reaching out to comfort his doggo at the end got me.
anyone know the story behind it? Where was this, what had happened to the owner etc?
Loyalty 
I should get a dog
Good doggo?
No. 
The best doggo. 
This hits home on a personal level. I have the bestest baby girl that I adopted a few years ago. Several months ago my landlord came over to fix something. I passed out when I opened the door for him, then passed out again when I got up to get water, prompting him to call an ambulance. The entire time I was on the floor waiting for paramedics, then waiting as they took my vitals and got more information, she was at my side with her front paws on top of me and wouldn’t move. The paramedics were awesome and just worked around her. She came to the emergency room with me on the stretcher. I ended up in the hospital for three days and couldn’t get out of bed on my own because I was a fall risk. She stayed in that hospital bed with me the whole time I was there except for when I asked the nurses to take her outside to relieve herself. Shoutout to all of you in the medical/emergency services profession who are so understanding of the bond between dog and owner in situations like this. 

Edit: here’s a pic from the emergency room for anyone interested https://imgur.com/gallery/PbozdXO 
Dogs rock
[deleted]
The fact that man is risking pain to comfort his dog shows there bond is strong. 
My heart can't handle this :( hope the guy is alright and they're reunited and safe at home
...as a former street medic, I can assure you I would be talking to the doggo like, you're a good boy and you can come with us, but we gotta help him, too...yes, you're a good boy, yes you are...

I don't know how we'd transport him and keep track of him at the hospital, maybe bring a neighbor along for kicks or something. But, hey, the dog goes in my book. 
I’m pretty sure my dog loves me, but he would have definitely got distracted by a butterfly, or rock, or something. 
i am the dog n this my man -

i doing every thing i can

to keep him safe - i will PROTEC!

you hurt my friend - i'll give you Heck

there's something wrong, he can't get up

is Now he needs his hero pup!

i'll put my whole life on the line

until i know that he is fine

no other bond is greater than

the one between a dog and man
A K9 officer in my hometown was killed by a drunk driver. The dog survived the crash and fought with the first responders. They had to call the officers wife to the scene to calm the dog down. Pretty shitty situation for everyone. The dog ended up living for a few more years and is now buried beside the officer. 
I needed that today. 
When my dog fell a few years ago and broke her back we had to put her down.

She was lucid the entire trip to the vet and despite the fact that she was absolutely broken she just kept licking me because I was crying. All the way up until the end she licked me and tried to cheer me up.
The tears. 
Dogs are the best loyal pals [no matter what the situation.](https://i.imgur.com/ZpEVkbd.gifv)
If that was me, my dog would probably just start chasing a squirrel or something
His tail is so deep in between his legs when he gets to his owner! He was so scared but wouldn’t leave his side 😭 We really don’t deserve doggos
Wow this is such a beautiful thing to see. Dog's can be such pure and amazing creatures. Too bad humans have to make everything so complicated.
Wow someone's really got nerve, cutting onions in my own house
A similar thing happened to my mum when she was in a bad car accident.

She was driving along a country highway when another car pulled into her lane headed towards her, causing her to swerve to avoid the car, rolling multiple times and coming to a rest on its roof. My mother had been driving with her dog beside her, and he jumped into her arms as the car rolled. Amazingly they both survived (the rescue crew said they had never seen an animal survive a crash like that) and the good boy stayed with mum for the 2 hours it took rescue crews to get to the site, all the while licking her face.

The good boy only ran away when the rescue team fired up the equipment to cut the doors off, and then he stayed in the ambulance while mum was flown to hospital. He survived for 2 years after that crash and never left mums side the entire time. 
🙁feelings......
aww poor puppy is scared for his dad!
The bond between a dog and it's owner is the most precious thing ever :(
My dog would do this. I'm her fucking muse, got her from the shelter, since the first day she will not leave my side. She wouldn't look at me in the shelter until we got in the car and I could tell it clicked that I was her new owner. No man will ever love me as much as that dog loves me and that's just fine because I will never love any man like love her.
I love this dog. 
Something nice from Brazil!!
In reality, as cute as this is, keep your dogs on the leash. If your dog stops the paramedics from giving you necessary care, that’s a problem. A leash helps get your dog under control so you can be taken care of. 
More like /r/Baww .. :(
And now I'm crying at work.
A dogs love is unconditional.
Relieved to see the owner move his hand🙌
What did we do to have such a wonderful species as our friends?
“YOURE DOIN ME A HECKIN CONCERN, FREN!”
Had a issue like this one time. Small service dog, had the owner cradle the dog between arm and body, spider strapped them in. No issues, dog felt secure, and owner like the comfort of the dog next to them. It was a minor wreck. but this is something to keep in mind as more people travel with "support" animals. 
Oh my gosh when I saw this I actually said awww out loud.  
Just got home after being gone for 3 days. I have a 4 legged shadow. Best type of shadow.
r/gifsthatendtoosoon tenner bets he cuddles the dogs ass
Damn. There's a million movie scenes exactly like this but this is better than every one of them.
/u/fineship I'm crying
This deserves a lot of gold. Love it.
oh this is a very faithful dog
[deleted]
And this is why you have collars on animals...
But gonna lie, almost cried. 
the dog will be such good karma that he will straightup become a human in his life. Such an admirable loyalty! such an admirable love! the gods have blessed him.
Life goals.
Is it sad I’m tearing up over that?
My dog is like this and I am so scared one day it will get her in trouble. Any tips on how I make her less worried about my safety/protection. Wish she would chill out and have a good time more. She has had a rough life before I picked her up at about 1 year old. She is 2 now. 
Wow that’s another great one! I love these types of clips, dogs are so loyal and caring. I love them all 😀☺️
Unconditional love
Dad...Dad its going to be ok I'm here I'm here

Right then outta my way medics I got this shit ... wait am I doing 30 and 2 or just paws only CPR ?
Someone, please put a collar on that poor pup. 
My dog sucks as a guard dog and doesn’t really learn tricks. One  thing is for sure, it protect me  100%
I fully expect heaven is populated by my two grandmothers and a shit ton of dogs.
I'm not crying you are
We don’t deserve dogs
Good Boy!!!
You see the dogs tail tucked away when he reached him, meaning even though he was scared himself,he would still face the attackers*
Dogs are simply the bestest
A loyal dog.
We don't deserve dogs
Wow I didn't know I could cry this much. Thanks! 
I have two dogs, one is a lab retriever and other one is huskey. I am pretty damn sure that my lab retriever will never let me go in this or any situation but my huskey lol he is just interested in food at a crazy level thats all. I can imagine him coming to me in this situation (only because my lab retriever is already there hugging me thinking i am giving away food)  and ask " well give me food before you take off will ya" lol 😂😎  My huskey is crazy.
..i bet the guy got hurt chasing after the dog.
Yeah, that is my dog. 
Good gif. Good dog.
If this happens to my cat, she will freak out by the presence of so many strangers and run the opposite direction. Never to be found again...
Mans best friend!
so cute
I’m not crying, you’re crying. 
This is what unconditional love looks like.
We dont deserve dogs
I love it
We don't preserve logs.
[deleted]
The EMS worker throws his hands out like “wtf let us do our job” but imma pretend he threw them out because the dog didn’t go to him.
Thats a good doggo. Break free, check the pulse, protect.
A firefighter had an issue when he went to save someone from a crashed car. The poor dog believed they were trying to hurt its owner and held them off before animal services.
Dogs mean well. But most of the time their stupidity just gets in the way. 
Hahahahahaha the dog is so loyal it's preventing medical care because it's a moron oooh I want a dog!
Upvote for not saying "furbaby" and "furdaddy."
[deleted]
I love how he wasn’t really bitting him. Just giving him warning bites. Then when he just runs and lays on his owner... ohh the feels. I love animals 
Gentlemen of the jury: The best friend a man has in this world may turn against him and become his enemy. His son or daughter that he has reared with loving care may prove ungrateful. Those who are nearest and dearest to us, those whom we trust with our happiness and our good name, may become traitors to their faith. The money that a man has, he may lose. It flies away from him, perhaps when he needs it the most. A man's reputation may be sacrificed in a moment of ill-considered action. The people who are prone to fall on their knees to do us honor when success is with us may be the first to throw the stone of malice when failure settles its cloud upon our heads. The one absolutely unselfish friend that a man can have in this selfish world, the one that never deserts him and the one that never proves ungrateful or treacherous is his dog. Gentlemen of the jury: A man's dog stands by him in prosperity and in poverty, in health and in sickness. He will sleep on the cold ground, where the wintry winds blow and the snow drives fiercely, if only he may be near his master's side. He will kiss the hand that has no food to offer, he will lick the wounds and sores that come in encounters with the roughness of the world. He guards the sleep of his pauper master as if he were a prince. When all other friends desert, he remains. When riches take wings and reputation falls to pieces, he is as constant in his love as the sun in its journey through the heavens.

If fortune drives the master forth an outcast in the world, friendless and homeless, the faithful dog asks no higher privilege than that of accompanying him to guard against danger, to fight against his enemies, and when the last scene of all comes, and death takes the master in its embrace and his body is laid away in the cold ground, no matter if all other friends pursue their way, there by his graveside will the noble dog be found, his head between his paws, his eyes sad but open in alert watchfulness, faithful and true even to death.

 - George Graham Vest
A leash might have stoped him.
plot twist: actually a drug dog
A cat wouldn't give 2 shits
The goodest and most loyal of boys. I hope that guy is OK, for his and his beautiful pup's sake.
This is beautiful!
Loyal to the soil 
That loyalty is something we will never be able to offer someone
What a good boy.
Instantly crying
Thanks now I'm crying.

My Border Collie Bluetick mix is like this.  Great dog!
Poor bud is terrified. His tail is tucked tight between his legs and he still protects his owner
I miss my best friend and goodest boy, RIP Buddy
dogs are too pure for us
No, your the one with tears in there eyes. Gosh.
From my experience with my staffie, the best way to keep it still is to sorta pinch its hips between your knees. Those muppets will wriggle out of anything else, but that seemed to actually keep her still (this was when we first got her and she had some issues with chasing stuff). 
Dogs are actual angels.
I'm sure if I got into a wreck with my dog around, he'd take off after any critter that moved before caring what happened to me. But I love him regardless. 
I'm not crying, you're crying
What happened tho
"I tripped him down the stairs on purpose and you'll fix his spine over my dead body!"
Omg the way the owner just pulled him closer really warmed my heart! 
Dogs are so good.
The paramedic on the right is like dude what the fuck, as his hands come up once the dog jumps on his owner
What loyalty looks like
Diogenes was right.
Well I didn’t read the title and I thought the dog just wanted to hump whoever it could. 
😢
Dog was like, Hey dude, you don't seem to understand. I literally have one job to do, and I'm gonna do it.
Oh bless his heart
This actually made me sad, is the guy ok? Also what happened
A similar thing happened with my aunt and her dog. She had gotten badly injured in agas leak explosion incident and when the paramedics arrived, her dog just wouldn't let anyone touch her.


When she finally did let someone get to her, she rode with her all the way in the ambulance.
Such a good boy 
My cat would do this. 


lol jk
Not reall awwww
Lol
I just noticed how annoyed the paramedic on the right was.
We don’t deserve dogs. 
That was beautiful to watch!!!!
I love how everyone is trying to do their best. The dog wants to get to his owner but isn't actually biting. The guy holding the dog does a pretty good job even though he could get bit. Then the dog lays on the guy while the EMTs are trying their best to help the owner. Just everyone doing their best here and no one getting hurt even though there's disagreement in the air. 
We don't deserve dogs.
Everyone’s commenting that the man reaches to comfort the dog at the end, and I guess we can’t know for sure, but my guess is that he’s reaching to BE comforted by the dog. When I am sad, hurt, upset, etc and my dog offers me a snuggle it’s one of the things that makes me feel so much better. If I were hurting like this man was I’d welcome a hug from my pup! 
so freakin amazing
My heart can't handle this. I must hug my dogs immediately!
I'll make sure everything is fine cause I'm a good good boy!!
Such amazing, loyal creatures. 
And here my dog just steals my socks from my room and hides them around the house.
It's really hear warming but it's also dangerous. Today in day people will shoot your pet when they feel threatened but in reality the animal is defending their owners as dogs are meant to do. I am happy the ambulance understood what was happening because other would have taken it as a threat and harmed the poor animal. 
i thought the owner was the woman in blue. them feels when you see the dog run right into the guy on the stretcher. hope they are both OK.
And speaking as a pet parent nothing will stop a pet parent from protecting their pets
God I hope they let the dog go with him.
Damn, someone needs to stop cutting onions near me... 
Holy shit, what a good boy. The best boy.
This is my hooman, I will cure him with licks and hugs
I probably will transport with the dog onboard and call hospital in transit and let them know there's a good boy onboard so make arrangements. Will I be in trouble? Absolutely. Is it worth it? I'll do it every time.
i'm crying 
I'd make them take my dog with me because he did the same for me. When he was mauled by a rottweiler and his back was ripped off, he wasn't worried about anything other than making sure I was ok (I kept repeating "holy shit" and "what the fuck" during the drive to the emergency vet). You're damn right I would delay my trip to the hospital to make sure my dog knew I was safe.
We are alone in a cold and infinite universe.

But we have dogs.  And it's better.
People who fucking steal pets are incestuous motherfucking assholes
Lol it was acting all calm and content to get the holder’s gaurd down then BAM he goes in for the escape 
That’s not just his owner, that’s his best friend
Why are people still surprised animals are smart and have feelings?
That's a loyal dog. My girl behaves exactly the same way. She will do whatever the fuck she has to do to get away and over to me if she thinks I'm in trouble. She will do anything she can not to have to bite; she'll squirm a ton and she's strong as shit. She'll paw at you. If that doesn't work, shell nip but go waaaaay far out of her way to try and not hurt you. If all else fails, though, and thankfully this has never happened, I'm pretty sure she'd bite somebody if nothing else worked and I was calling her to me (during a situation, not in general).

I honestly don't know what she would do if she saw somebody genuinely attacking me while I was screaming for help and somebody was holding her back. I think she'd fuck them up to get away and absolutely attempt to kill the attacker.

To clarify, she is the sweetest dog in the world with no history of violence, but as I said she's strong as shit. She's also half pit, so her jaw strength is up there. When were "playing rough" and my hand grazes her teeth by accident she immediately drops to the ground and puts her paws over her face because she feels bad. We practiced "no bites, kisses!" a lot while she grew up.

I was standing on the kitchen counter a few weeks ago trying to get a mixer from on top of the cabinets and yelled out when I knicked my finger, and from a SITTING position, with no starting momentum, she leapt up on to the kitchen counter and landed on her feet. How the fuck? It's like she's part cat.

Anyways my point is that doggos are the absolute best and have genuine love for you. They would literally give their life to protect you. Don't ever forget that shit. I am so speechless any time somebody tries to decide if it's "worthwhile" to help their dog in some way (I suppose outside of situations where you genuinely cannot afford some massive treatment).

I'm a little sleepies and went on a bit of a rant, sorry! 
What the fuck why does this only have 1 gold

I've seen less aww-worthy things here that has several silver, 2 gold + platinum
Dogs are the best kind of people.
I wish I had a human friend like this.
“I will not let them take you to the vet!”
Is the strap over the mans eyes or is it just the angle 
Wouldn't see a cat doing that.
Oh god I wasn't expecting that and it hit me hard... Going to go give my pup some love right now 
We do not deserve dogs. :,-)
Is there a link to the backstory?  Need some closure, man.
pure goodness
My dog would’ve pissed on me
You know it belongs in this sub when I watched with no context and said AWWW, only to realize what sub it was. 
r/animalbeingbros
Dogs are some of the most loyal companions.
Who's cutting onions
Do cats do this?
Is there a source? I need more! What happened next? Is guy ok?
Is someone cutting onions? 
Reminds me of toothless.
"Let m- let me go! Dad...dad, I love you"
Mans best friend. Damn I love dogs
I’ve been in a pretty down and funky mood today, watching this just made me burst into tears. Had to hug my two dog-babies and human-baby in a giant group hug. Dogs are the sweetest and most loyal companions anyone could ask for. 
Im glad she wasn't shot by cops
Oh man... right in the feels 😩
What did we ever do to deserve dogs?

Such a good doggo, hope the owner is ok.
And this is why im a dog person. 
Omg. My heart is breaking 
Who's cutting all these onions?
This gave me flashbacks to the cop vids of US police shooting dawgs protecting owners.
This is fucking awesome!
What a gentle soul!
The EMT at the end was like wtf man 
That's Love right there 
That poor dog must be so worried for his human. He doesn't understand that those other humans are actually helping.
Paramedic here. I'd get the same way if I saw someone I love being boarded unnecessarily.
my dog would run away
That Doggo is 200iq

Like if u agree
Mirror?
What a good boy. Us humans don't deserve dogs 😭 ❤
We all need a friend like this in our corner.
I have a huge respect for that dog. Let's upvote the shit out of this post and appreciate man's best friend.
Oh God this made me cry.  I'm gonna go hug my dog now. 
We don’t deserve dogs...
Not owner. Family! 
this made me call my dog and hug him for five minutes, till I free him and let him been under the bed again where I discover that he was bitting my new shoes, what a rollercoaster of emotions. 
I’m just here minding my own business browsing reddit now I’m crying in public. 
Good dog. 
That's the sweetest thing I've ever seen.
Good thing there wasn’t a cop near by.
Humans don't deserve dogs.
Mans best friend. 
I'm sure if I was in this position my cat would just look at me, meow for food and then walk off and sit licking his ass! 
That dog deserves a bravery boop! Good doggie!
I’ve only had one dog actually be peaceful on scene 
My dads dog did this when my dad broke his leg on a mountain and had to be life flighted out. The team helping him were super cool about it and let his dog ride in the helicopter with him. That dog was amazing. 
We don’t deserve dogs
Owner comforts dog even in bad condition, I can see why the good boi loves him
I hope he's ok.
This was a great post until I opened the comments and read all the idiotic dog speak
does anyone know if we deserve dogs or not? haven’t seen any comments on this post letting me know if we deserve them or not
If this isn’t a reason to get a dog... or 2 then idk what to tell ya 🖤🖤🖤
We don’t deserve dogs, they’re too pure for us 😩
My dads dog acted the same way when the funeral home staff came to take his body, he was inconsolable for weeks.
In many of these situations, dogs are actually looking FOR comfort rather than the other way round. 
Breaks my heart. Dogs are truly the most loyal and loving friend you can have. That poor puppy just wanted to hug his best friend until he got better.
I had to laugh at the EMT when he threw up his hands like wtf? Lol
Love how the incapacitated owner still pets his goodest of boys.
Aww but r/WhyWereTheyFilming
...except for whatever happened before this
I want to say aww in a cute way, not in a tearful heartbroken way! 😭
I work on an ambulance and we carry a can of Vienna’s to bribe dogs away from their parents. Before we ever touch a patient we either bribe the dog or make sure that it’s secluded to another room. I’ve ran on a DOA and the dog behaved exactly like this one did, no one could touch the body until family came and claimed the dog, it was a tough tear jerking scene to be on.
نعم هذا مثير الكلب قد يكون وفي لصاحبه الوفاء حتى أخير لحظة 
No take, only heal
I am not crying. You are crying :')
The way the owner pulled the dog in while strapped to a gurney got me. Their love and affection is mutual. ❤️
Awh the can't bear to part with it's owner
We just lost our oldest dog on Christmas Eve.  She was the sweetest dog ever.

And now I'm crying again.
😘😭😇
Good dog. 

Without giving details: buddy was an EMT on a diet (meal rationing, no carbs, one meal a day). Was on a call where dude collapsed walking his dog. Friend had to throw his lunch steak into a backyard and lock the gate before they could approach the owner to take care of him. The dog wasn't letting them close. 
Good, loyal doggo.
I am in the middle of the mall drinking a damn smoothie and CRYING AT THIS GOOD EFFING BOY.
Lost my girl a couple of days ago. This kinda reminds me of her.
Brazilian "vira-latas" are the best <3
What breed(s) of dog exhibit loyalty/protection like this?  
I am not a smart man but I know what love is Jennie. 
"Let me go, I have to check on my daddy" 
i’m not crying you are 
A beautiful thing💝
My heart. 
true love
would a cat ever show this kind of affection?
Will you stop cutting onions in here?
This pup looks just like my Carolina dog! Very loyal. 
he’s on a stretcher, most likely in some kinda pain and he’s fucking comforting his doggo...😭
A cop with a gun will
Now that's Love ❤️❤️
Dogs are easily the best creatures. The bless us daily with unrelenting devotion and love.
I'm not crying, you are.
THE BODYDOG 
That’s a good boy!
Beautiful pup
The cat is still in the house smiling because his plan worked making its owner fall down the stairs

I love dogs. Every time I see a video like this I resolve to get one, and then reality intervenes. Back to Reddit for my fix.
I think the dog pees on his owner as well?
Tries to protect owner. Instead makes the job of saving his owner much more difficult. 
The medic in the bottom right.  Lmao
I have a min pin. I've always wondered how long i would  have to be dead before she'd start eating me.
I love my dog.
I love dogs. 

This video should be shown on repeat 24/7 to people in prison cells for inmates guilty of any type of animal cruelty.
Poor baby is probably so scared and confused. What a good dog. 💕
Happy the injured man moved his arm
Wow. 
I want to see a video of a cat doing this..
I wonder if my cat would do this.
There's no onions in here, I'm just crying. 

That's a damned good dog right there. 
And some people still think cats are better. 
We don't deserve dogs man. 
I feel like my dog would get on top of me like that but cover my face smothering me. Good intentions, but also if I'm on a stretcher that probably wouldn't help.
I wish my dog was that sweet buuut he's an ass
This dog looks a LOT like my last dog which was a German Shepherd Sharpei mix. Both are pretty dang good guard dogs. Wonder if this dog has the same mix.
Wow love this dog, my goodness he's super protective of his human. 
And thats why dogs are better than cats 

I need a dog in my life so badly...
that sad ):
What gets me is that he's scared (according to his tail) but he's still trying to protect his friend.
Now imagine the same with a cat... 
“BOWWWWWW”
Dogs are amazing and we don't deserve them. We're just tremendously fortunate to have them.
My wife and I moved in with her sister recently while we look for a home. I never thought my GSD would act like she actually cares about my well being. T
So far twice she has body slammed my my sister in laws dog in her (really bad) hips for barking/biting at me. I never thought I'd have a dog who might act like this one. 
Allergies are acting up again. 
Wish i had someone like this to replace my sister...
We do not deserve dogs 
The bestest of friends.

What a good dog, I don't have many human friends that would be as worried about me as that man's dog. So lovely to see such a strong bond between people and their animals.

I have two dogs, if I were injured or incapacitated they would just step over me to get to my wife, their one true love. But, I'm OK with that, I know they would protect her and my kids with their very last breath.
Unfortunately, this would be my cat. My dogs would be unruly because of strangers. They don't even care when I leave. Now if it was my aunt they'd act this way. They howl when she leaves.
I had a dog follow my ambulance for two blocks once. His owner fell down his front step and hit his head and when I got there, the dog was inside at a front window going absolutely crazy, trying to get out to his owner. We had a neighbor come over to lock up the house as we were leaving and as soon as he opened the door the dog bolted towards my ambulance, I watched the little guy chase us from the back window, it broke my heart. Guy was fine and so was the dog according to the patients wife who met us at the ER. 
Is the guy ok?
I said "Good boy goood boy gooood boii" the whole way through this gif. Good Boi!
We truly do not deserve dogs!
This is actually a bad trait in urban settings since civilians or police officers will be forced to shoot them if they lash out violently. Always put your dog on a leash if you're outside so it can be controlled rapidly in one of those situations.
I'm sure it's been commented a thousand times before, we dont deserve dogs
Wow I love dogs and that hit me right in the heart 
Well it is trying to stop them from putting him on a backboard. The dog is trying to prevent his owner from being hurt 
Dog be like “BEGON HOOMONS. I SHALL SURGERY MY HOOMON.” 
We don't deserve dogs
My dog would yeet over the nearest fence
My dad had a mild heart attack while running with my old family lab. It happened right next to his favourite park to play in, but he sat with my dad until help came - such a good boy. Dogs are the best 
Aww, but also wildly unsafe, that dude should be doing a much better job of keeping t he dog back. Scruff, pin, knee on back - gentle obviously but if this man had suffered a spinal injury even something as little as 20lb of pressure could be life threatening.
No doubt. Good call! 
That doggo is a very loyal boi. 
Good thing the dog doesn't have a fucking collar and leash to restrain it and not interfere with the EMTs trying to do their job. Fuck anyone who doesn't leash their dog, I don't care how well behaved or trained they are, it's irresponsible. 
Respect little doggo.
WE DON’T DESERVE THEM
True love 
Ugh humans don’t deserve such wonderful creatures
Good boy
Dogs being bros.
Could you pick up a dog even if it was aggravated like that? Even when my cats are pissed or frightened, I can pick them up cuz I’m used to the few dozen scritches they give me. What about dogs?
We don't deserve dogs
10/10 Didnt see that coming, My eyes. These are not tears.
I have a 90 pound sack of asshole named Renly. He’s a beautiful Weimaraner, but he’s primordially smart, which means he wants to eat, sleep, fuck and fight. 

But one night when friends were over and my friends wife had one glass of wine on a hot day too many and passed out in the bathroom. 

He raised 7 kinds of hell until we went to the back of the house to check him out, when he lead us to her but wouldn’t let us get near her.

 After she started coming too, he backed off but still I’m glad he’s in my corner 
Is that dog any specific dog breed? It looks exactly like my dog, and I've been trying to figure out what she is for years.
Too sweet! I always wondered how my pups would act in a similiar situation. 
Wonder if my cat would do that???
Such a good boy!
Thank God this didn't take place in front of US cops, they would've shot the dog on purpose and the guy by accident. 
Aww that ended way too soon
That’s when you know he doesn’t have an owner he’s got a partner!
IIRC this was in Brazil and the dog was just a street dog he fed
Does anybody know what breed is that?
I wish i'd known what i was about to watch. It's too late in the evening to be crying like a baby..
Truly man's best friend... Would a cat do that?
This is one of the cutest things ever. What a great pup!
My German Shepherd would just get excited and urinate on many folks shoes while looking for some petting. 

I would be an after-thought.
Was driving earlier today and there was a bit of traffic on a relatively calm street. As i get closer to the police cars i see they closed the right lane because a dog had been struck and appeared dead. I’ve seen humans get hurt badly in accidents to the point if dying, however when I saw the dog in the pavement i cried.
Wow
I love dogs.
Keep your dogs on leashes. This could've ended so badly for that pup. He's just being a good boy, trying to protect his owner, but if he'd gotten one tooth into either of those EMTs, it would've been a much sadder story.
My baby would do this, I'm sure of it.

9kgs of love, all ratrussell fierce and loving. We have a strong bond.

I love dogs so much.
I thought it was a joke at first because the dog was attacking its owner to protect him hahaha 
My dog is the complete opposite 
A cat would definitely not do this 
Good dog. 
Im not crying, youre crying!
That seems like a problem, a dog jumping on his owner as the paramedics are trying to get the owner to a hospital. Good job doggo.
This is sad and cute, and sweet 😭 
Its not lettin his owner gettin hurt thats one good dog 
Good boy!!!!
Cara de vira lata brasileiro facilmente reconhecível hehe
This is why dogs are better than cats. Dogs will love you and will always be loyal, while cats are a tiny tiger that lives in your house.
I mean, a leash might.
I don't know but this place and the people looks like 99,4% Brazil.
This is why I love dogs ❤️
This is 100% how my dog would act.
We don't deserve dogs
That good boy looks like a brazilian “generic”(?) dog, can’t explain why I feel this way
Reminds me of the recent video of a guy abandoning his dog at the side of the road with his dog bed, the poor thing ran straight back to the guys car and tried to get back in, even chased the car as he left.
He still loved his owner, even though he was being abandoned.

The good news is, there is a huge list of people wanting to adopt him so he'll be in a safe forever home soon :)
Oh my goodness the poor pup had his tail tucked under... He must have been so scared, but he was brave enough to protect his human. What a good dog.
In our system, 911 callers are told to put up any dogs before responders arrive. Dogs can act erratically when there is an emergency (medical or fire). Concern for its owner, fear, scary people and noises.
I’ve had dogs try to bite me and the owners are shocked saying  “(the dog) has never done this before”.

Wow!
Ummm psycho dog
What kind of dog is that? That's my little girl to the very life
Mine would look around and be like who is gonna feed me hooman food and cuddle with me, then run off to chase birds and rabbits.
Cute af
i fucking love my dogs even if mine gets up and leaves everytime i sit near him lol
That is hilarious! 😆😂🤣
I own two rescue dogs and 1 of them would 100% do this. We have had her for 5 years and when we go on holidays she refuses walks because of her dedication to waiting at the door for us to return. The other rescue is a Chihuahua... and she would just go to whoever has the food.  
Dog must be gutted when he plays fortnight. 
What did we do to deserve dogs 
I never thought my dog would do something like this either until there was a day where he thought we were in real danger. He's a little cockerspaniel poodle who is goofy and sweet to every person he meets. A person could walk in for a second and hed be laying in their lap the next. Friend, family member, cable guy, doesn't matter. 

Then my husband and I moved into a new apartment and we were laying in bed when we heard the sound of someone entering the house. My heart dropped and pure dread came over both of us. Suddenly, theres Leo running down the hall, taking a defensive stance in front of both of us, with this guttural snarl that I hadnt ever and havent heard since. He was ready to go for blood, I could tell.
 
Luckily, it was just the landlord who wasnt aware that wed moved in a day early. But I have no doubt that Leo would have done whatever he could if he had continued to sense our fear the way he had before. It gave me a whole new appreciation for him and for dogs in general. 
Awwweee,  this makes my heart break for that poor dog.  He's scared his human is hurt,  afraid they're going to hurt him more,  don't understand they're trying to help, watching them take him away. Poor little pup 
How the dog just throws himself on the owner “Back off you all!”
What a loyal companion. Hope the guy is okay. 
Actual tears 
Anyone see the medic on the right give a “fuck’s sake” shoulder shrug?

I know they are trying to get the guy off to hospital, but for crying out loud, the dog is clearly stressed and worried.
I have no doubt in my mind that my dog would do exactly this. She's a friendly 3 legged rescue from Mexico and loves attention from others but dad has to be in sight!
"This is my human.  There are many humans like him, but this one is mine...."

Doggo, probably
Mawww I wish my dogs loved me that much 
My dog wouldn't care, this would be his chance to play with everyone. He recently got out and he seemed super happy to be at the dog pound. The staff mentioned how he was so playful with everyone and the sweetest dog. That right there in the video is a special  bond.
My dog just farts in my face. 
That’s so sweet. Good boy.
The ems crew strapped the patient to the board wrong. Lol
Who put these onions here?
😢
"Hey, I was about to eat this guy!"
he has nothing in his life but a sense of obligation for his owner. what a selfless creature
The dog was also very scared because he has his tail tucked between his legs, but he charged in to protect his human anyway.
Dogs are such sweet, intelligent creatures. <3
This is why it's critical to teach "Down." Especially if your dog is for self defense.
Damn this is sad 
My Jack Russell Lab mix would certainly be this aggressive. He can't stand seeing my wife or me upset, hurt, etc. He's about as loyal as they come, but I'll be honest...he's pretty skiddish, so he might run. I would think he wouldn't, but I've seen him do some awfully strange things.
I expected something silly and i got feels instead
This would be my rottie, but she'd leave a path of destruction in her wake from bumping all the things. 
My family had a German short haired pointer and one morning I was alone and my dad was in his room  sleeping(he had had a heart attack the week before and was on bed rest). I got up and felt super strange and decided to watch some tv in the living room. I kept hearing strange noises (loud snoring, but it wasn’t snoring) coming from my dads room, our dog started to run back and forth from my dads room to me barking. And would stand barking at me until I decided to get up and go to my dads room. Turns out he wasn’t breathing and I ended up calling 911. He died later in the day, but I couldn’t believe how intuitive our dog was. He KNEW something was wrong, and he warned me. It was a really beautiful action in such a tragic event. 
Just came here to mention it happened in Brazil.
An aggressively loyal dog, but at the same time restrains itself from biting. Excellent owner and excellent dog. 
Dogs are so loyal and loving. We don't deserve them. 💗💕
At first I was thinking they really need to train that dog...then I saw the stretcher....
Why does this make me emotional? I'm such a little bitch. 
I was just about to go to sleep without crying today over a dog video. Guess another day then 😭 
This literally made my heart smile. 
Obligatory we don't deserve dogs comment.
We don’t deserve dogs. 
Dogs are too good for us.. 
Don't know why but this gif it looks so much brazilian to me...
(I'm Brazilian myself)
As adorable as this is, does anyone know the story of what happened? Guy seems to have hurt his neck somehow and no one seems horrified around him so I am hoping it was a minor incident.
We don't deserve dogs
Oh my God my heart, as my pupperonis sit in my lap. My haart huurt.
That just hits you right in the feels...
I tripped and fell one time, my dog come and sit on my chess while I could not get up.....
Purer than snow
Ninjas cutting onions
I'm not crying, you're crying 
I hope his human dad is ok and that he's with him! D:
Dog looks like a street dog but very adorable. 
The dog got, that we do not deserve.
I miss my dog 😢
Ok, I am crying 
Dogs are the best 
All Dogs go to Heaven !
/u/puddlebucket this is too sweet
What kind of dog is it?
Humans really don't deserve the loyalty and affection we get from dogs. I have 3 basset hounds and they are extremely loyal and loving dogs.  They are so happy to see me even when I've just stepped out of the room for 5 minutes. 
Seriously we do not deserve dogs, what a god damn good boy! I hope my girl would do this for me!
This looks like Brazil.
Looks like he was too late in protecting him. Bad dog!
oh my goodness
what happen if the dog bite for protect his owner. 
God I love dogs.
He do protecc 
Oh my exploding heart...
I really hope my dog would act the same way in this situation 
Doggos are the greatest
He protec. He attac. But most importantly,  he want his owner bac.
thata why we dont deserve dogs 
Dogs fucking rule
My dog would totally do this my dog won't even let us tickle the kids too much
I love annimals they are true frends👌🙌🤲🙏❤
This is certainly cute and beautiful, but I still remember the guy who slowly died from an accident because his 2 dogs protected him from everyone including the ambulance. He was completely savable, his life was not in danger IF he was taken to the hospital, but he died in agony.  I can't stop thinking about that news. 
Speaking as a paramedic, those overly protective dogs terrify me, even as a dog mom. I understand where they're coming from but boy can it be stressful to be rendering care with a dog like that around. 
We don't deserve dogs. 
He’s a little late
Not even five minutes after reading this, I got a sudden dizzy spell while playing with my dog and I quickly sat down, feeling very faintish. My lovely dog turned her head as if curious, or concerned, and then dropped the ball. For me to throw. If I'm on a stretcher, she won't run to comfort me, she will run to give me the ball.
The ultimate good boy
This is so heart warming! Their unconditional love and loyalty is something we as humans can never come close to. 
Oh my gosh this video. That sweet dog not wanting to bite, and then the dude reaching out to comfort his doggie
Somebody get that puppers a puppers.
Anyone know what breed that is?
got a bit teary watching this

&#x200B;
Dogs never cease to amaze me 
He atac he protec and most importantly he wont be held bec!
Eventually a bunch of people/a leash did stop the doggo tho....
 That was some heavy dog stuff, right there. 
First of all sorry for my English.

Something happened in Spain. The dog was called Sota and she got shot in head :(.

His owner was getting arrested for being homeless and selling stuff homemade
Certified good boy
We as humans do not deserve dogs, not by a long shot.
I actually tested this with my husky. I faked an injury,tripped and stay in the ground whining and he just walked away from me. He didn't even looked back. But I still love him
Dogs are good.
I want a dog but idk how to discipline it. Do I smack it’s booty with a newspaper if it poops inside? Do I smack it’s booty whenever it does anything bad? What do you experienced dog owners do and what do you think of booty smacking when it comes to dogs?
Poor puppy..doesn't understand.. just wants to protect daddy 😢❤
Sweetest video ever!
As a paramedic, we see this a lot in houses. The dog will sit on the owner's lap and just dare us to get closer. It makes it hard to check a pulse or blood pressure
Control your dog!
Fuckin bullshit I’m not trying to feel this much 😢
As EMT all I can say is the dog have Great instinct, his master is in GREAT danger by EMT staff.


Wtf dude's, your doing it wrong. very wrong
First we strap the chest, then the waist and then the head.
It’s cute until the dog gets in the way of saving the guys life 
We don't deserve dogs.
Have two large Bernese Mountain Dogs. Both would sit on me, one on stomach and one on feet. Good luck to the paramedics trying to move an extra 300ish pounds of dog, because they won’t be going anywhere else unless they’re in body bags.
Mine would do the same thing, unfortunately she's 80 pounds and it would probably be seen as less "cute" and more "terrifying as fuck" 
I have a medium sized chihuahua mix who's like this with me a lot. She was originally my emotional support animal but now I think I've become hers lmao. It's nice to be liked by someone in that way.
Can’t stop crying and Loving this 
