OP’s dog has seen this one before and is dubious that it leads to food.
This is great. My dad had me convinced that he had a friend who could fly until I was like 7. He went out on the balcony often to "talk to his flying friend Peter". He never let me meet Peter. 

Later in life I found out that his flying friend was marijuana and he talked to it by smoking it and that's what he was doing on the balcony 4 or 5 times a day.
[removed]
I’m totally stealing this move, lol.
Well now I'm regretting handing out my free wholesome award so hastily earlier today.
Shit you got me fooled and I’m 39.
It's like the "Watch my hands as I pull the end of my thumb off and reattach it!" hand illusion or whatever it's called my grandfather did for me when I was maybe 4 or 5 years old. I can't say my mind was blown or that it seeded the idea in me that force of will can overcome anything.

&#x200B;

The fact that I remember it almost 50 years later does stand out to me, though.

&#x200B;

Thank you for being a caring man, by the way.
And there I go again, wishing I had a good dad.  Going to live vicariously through your kid.
Dam I want a dad
Thank you - you just unleashed repressed memories of close to 55 years old of when my dad used to do stuff like this to me when I was little! 😂
Who would have guessed that Miles O'Brien was a Jedi this entire time?
Damn- missed opportunity on my part! Awesome fun!
I still tell my 9 year old that I am a sorcerer when I do things that she can't figure out. About 1 in 5 times I get her to second guess herself and see it in her eyes that she still believes. Even if its only for a fraction of a second, it is 1000% worth it. Keep it up.
Solid move. I really wish I could have thought of this. Welp, time to go knock up my wife.
Doggo checking out the footwork
This is at least 30% of why I had a kid. To goof off like this with them is one of the greatest joys. Baby laughter is doubly infectious.
There was a brief moment of time where my daughter believed most popular music mentioned her by name, until she realised actually the radio had the correct lyrics.  I think she realised at age 4 when kids at her kindergarten weren't singing the "correct"lyrics to baa baa black sheep
"Wtf? Is the tiny human really falling for this?" - Dog
Even had the dog convinced!
My grandpa used to do a fake magic trick where he would use the remote key to open the trunk of his car, good memories
I have a story!

So my best friend has a kid! She’s a lot of fun and when I come over we goof off a lot!

Well one day while we were goofing off she saw a sunbeam on the floor. She asked me about it and I told her it was coming from the window. She looked at me confused and asked me how I knew. 

Well I put my palm out and lifted my hand up trying to show her the line the sun beam was making to get to the floor. 

She didn’t understand this but apparently now she knows me as having the ability to carry sunlight in my hands. 

I’m milking my magic abilities lol!
Haha I must be drunk, I literally spent the first 15 seconds of this video thinking dude had a magnet or something, then realized he’s doing it with his feet..thanks for the smile!
Pro-level Dadding.
The Dog isn't buying your bullshit dad

=D
That's a nice looking high chair
Flipping adorable! Miss those days. Rarely get glee from an 11 and 14 year old these days.
Dog is clearly like "dude, you are using your feet"
ha ha ha ha... I remember doing this to my kids when they were little. Even doing the same with hot dogs in the microwave.... and they loved it. eventually, they realized that I have no Jedi powers. and then I had to go cry. LOL good times, good times.
The pup’s gaze is precious
You used to play with me!

-Dog
My daughter believed I would wnter the pantry, close the door and go to the moon ans back. Like... Really *believed*.  Had to burst her bubble when she asked me when she was 10 or so if that happened. Poor kid, yeah, dad lied. :/  Was fun while it lasted though.
You're a great dad!
Dog's staring like "when's my turn?"
The dog looking at his feet was like.. "I'm not fooled that easily".
That is what a call parenting done right
This is incredibly wholesome.
This is what I come to the internet for 🖤
I had a similar experience with a new kitten I got. It's devastating when they outgrow your tricks 😆. ♥️♥️♥️
The force will be strong with this one and he will pass it on to his kids too
Oh my God I used to do this to my little brother when I was like 16 and I legit couldn't stop myself from damn near crying laughing at his reactions.

The power of the dad is truly one to be feared. The seriousness. It truly sells
The dog is also impressed. :) cheers
Well, I know what I'm doing tomorrow
I see you’ve bought the dog’s silence, good move.
You'll always be a Jedi Master to him
Fuck. This reminded me of a time when I was 6 or 7, and my dad had the hose out tied up onto a post like a makeshift sprinkler. He had a part of the hose in his hand, and would clamp it so the water would stop, than release it so it would start. I started to think I was doing this with my mind, and was making hand signals at it like a Jedi would. I eventually after like 10 minutes found out what he was doing. I’m still devastated.
I'm expecting a son in a few days and this.  This is now the first thing  looking forward to doing.
My favorite was your laugh at the end because it matches your child!
!remindme100years
Best dad
Ok I’m stealing this. My nephew is going to think I’m awesome
You’re a good dad.
The Dog knows...
Never let him lose that magic
This is great - when he gets a bit older, take him to Lowe’s, let him drive the car cart, then start saying “no no don’t turn into that pole, wait DONT DO IT WATCH OUT!”.  We had a blast with my boys with “them” smashing into things (while other customers thought I was going insane)…
Dog would be like what the hell 
By the way cute
To him, you will always have Dad powers.
Absolutely beautiful.
You seem like a sweet dad.  Don't ever go out for a pack of cigarettes.
The dog isn’t falling for it
Now do it again.
That is way too much effort. 

That is no X-Wing, Padawan. Focus your feelings.
Peak dad content.
Hilarious!
Is it ok if I believe?
doggo is just happy to be involved
Adorable!
You've probably got a few years of him still finding it funny after he figures out it's not magic, at least.
You are a great dad
My boy is almost 4mths old, I'm absolutely gonna use this move. Pure gold.
Omg I am laughing and crying!
You seem like a great dad. Im proud of you champ.
The dog is like this guy is a fraud
Lol my dad used to do that to me at red lights knowing when the light would turn green by looking at the lights to the side at a 4 way stop; he got me for a good year or two with that one when I was in kindergarten lol ! “Green light go!”
Couple of years ago I put a radio in my car that has gesture control. "This is not the radio station I'm looking for" with a hand wave blew my kids' minds the first time I did it :-)
OP, this is a great fun game but also psychologically rich.  Kids starting around this age love anything that is about "losing and regaining" or "gone away and then back close" cycles.  Freud has written a whole section about this, and he describes a similar scene where the child of one of his friends has a toy that he keeps throwing and then pulling it back, and the kid keeps saying "fort....da" which in German means "gone...there" ("it's gone...it's there!").  It's known as "the fort-da" process in psychoanalysis. I guess it's a slightly more abstract version of peek-a-boo.  Anyway, you've invented a great game on many levels :)
As you should! Have fun with him as long as you can. Those are the memories that will keep you young. If I had access to Jedi powers. There's a %100 chance I'd use then the wrong way. So, to you sir. Live happy and love hard! And never forget the smile on that child's face. It's worth more than all the gold ever. Well...
Good for you OP. He will grow up to realize how lucky he is to have you in his life!
But you will always be his hero!!
What the dog doin
Too cute!!! 💜💜💜
Now do the one where the hi chair flips upside down.
Absolutely wonderful!!  Excellent Dadding 😊
Fantastic
Dogs in the side some speechless hahaha.
Now thats a good trick I need to try.
I love how well you sell it with the shaking.
Grade A baby giggles. Well done, papa.
Great dad! Love it! ♥️
Haha love this!
Congrats on using a semicolon correctly! :D
Dog: “okay let the kid get to eating so he can drop most of it on the floor.”

This is super cute.
The doggo is not convinced! Lol
He's going to be so proud to share this with his friends! Your son has the coolest dad!
Dude looks almost just like a younger and thinner Kyle Gass of the Kyle Gass Project.
Oh, I'm doing this for our kids someday u/nerdyninjaassassin
the dog knows
I love dad's little giggle at the end
a beautiful dadplay  moment
Now I'm excited for dinner time, definitely doing this
My god!!!!
You ARE a Jedi!!!
Right, don't have force powers, your secrets safe with me Jedi. We all remember order 66.
I don't know how to tell you this, put the dog is totally on to you
I love this
Loved that scene when you spilled the chili you made in The Office! /s
Dog is not fooled.
Dad magic is the best! My five year old kids still think I can detach my thumb.
Dog is just waiting for food to fall on the floor
Use your Jedi powers to change the stop lights.
Best. Daddy. Ever.
That is adorable but I love most how the dog just wants to be included.
The Force is strong with this one!
That is adorable :D
(Boy inside his mind)Poor daddy, thinks I love this shit. Let's not disappoint him. 

Boy: Ha ha ha... Ha ha ha. Are you happy now? Ha ha ha. Ha ha ha.
When we redid a room in my childhood home, we put in a gas fireplace. My brother was like 4 or 5. We convinced him that if he focused hard enough on the fire place, he could start it with his mind. That was very amusing for a few months.
The dog knows 😂
This made me smile so much. It reminded me of when I was super little, my dad made me think I was the TV remote. <3

A good number of years later and it's still something small that shows me there *was* magic in the world, even if we made it for ourselves. 

Hold onto these moments, they're special.
Jedi mind tricks working on the dog too lol.
I love how unimpressed the dog is!
Nah dude this is real. Nice try though.
If you crop the bottom of that video out, you can have him fooled for decades to come.   
Yell him something like you lost the jedi powers when he learned to speak, as you had to give *him* all your powers for speech. All dads do this.
Love this. He is lucky to have you.
Dog knows what's up :-)
That dog is so cute though.
Nice moves!
My brother used to go upstairs, put on a wooly hat and come back as as a new boy with the same name as me so we could play together.  It took me a long time to figure it out.
Chief O’Brien?
That dog is like "Holy shit...you could do that THE WHOLE TIME!?"

Then it saw your feet and was like "wow opportunity for food"
Priceless. Never miss a second of this!
UNLIMITED POWERRRR
Best dad ever
My dad used to do this to us as kids
I would really like updates for the next few years to know exactly how long can you milk it dad? Imagine the kid is 30 and you post "Guys... my son might be an idiot and I'm exhausted" 

But seriously... I want to know.. how long can you stay a Jedi?
The dog is enjoying it as well lol
12 years later… “Dad, I keep failing physics! I don’t understand what I’m doing wrong!?”
Sweetest thing I’ve seen all day
So ... what's your midichlorian count?

*moves fingers vaguely, winks*
Give this man an Oscar!
Your son is very cute, but your laugh in the end is sweet too haha
Doge thinks it’s all dumb 😛😉
Hard to tell which of you two is having more fun 😂
Did you name him Luke?
"He is f**king that floor up.  Welp, the Mrs. isn't going to be happy about that..."

~Dog
I love this!!
Love the dog.
Wait until he sees you open the garage door with your Jedi powers.
The dog.  So unimpressed. How come the little human gets all the good stuff?
It’s things like this that make me wish /r/dads was mainstream, chalk full of content like this.
I literally started doing this trick with my son tonight.   I thought I was so original...
My dad when I was a kid made me think he could drive without hands and that he was using telekinesis, he was really using his knees, my childhood was a lie
The kid probably knows but still find it funny. Like the dog that's looking in confusion.
That's great, but the dog looks like he has seen some shit
But will your son bring balance to the force...?
This may be the only parenting content I've ever upvoted on reddit. Way to go pops.
Why didn’t I think of that, my daughter would have loved it and now it seems so simple to do. Great job. Creative.
So much fun!
My dad had me convinced he rode for the pony express.
This is so wholesome. Thank you. ❤️
All fun and games until your baby picks up telekinesis.
super dad! :D
My daughter will be amazed when I do this tomorrow
This is how parenting should be. Have fun with it, make it creative and a moment. You’ll never get this back, seasons change, time passes, but these moment are forever. Cherish them, and the will too. 

Am a new father and can confirm, the simplest things create some of the most memorable moments.

Get them while you can
For a second I thought it was Kevin from the office!
Kevin Malone got hair implants
What are you talking about? He's clearly using the force!
Definitely copying this tomorrow
I love this! I wish I did it with my Nuggs but she graduated from her high chair to booster recently. Good parenting. Have so much fun with your little.
Lol
I do this constantly with my son. It gets a laugh every time.
I see the dog judging you hard!
This is super 🙌🙌
My dad has a big scar on his side and back from a lung surgery he had long before my son was born. For years he had my son believe that it was a scar from a light saber fight he'd been in back when he was a young jedi.
So doing this tomorrow!
Two things about this post.   


1. I love the dog waiting around the high chair for lost food.  


2. I will save this technique for future use!
Cute dog.
This guy is every good dad ever
dog knows whats up .
“Truly wonderful, the mind of a child is.”
So sweet
MZMZMZZMZMZ BOOOOAAAAAAA!!! MZMZMZZMZMZ BOOOOAAAAAAA!!!
At this moment, you are the hero in his heart
Lmao at the dog looking at the dads feet going back and forth
The dad laugh at the end made this video perfect
Take my award dad. Btw, happy Pre Fathers day!
Your son is going to spend a significant portion of his time laying in bed and trying to turn the lights off with the force.
I take it back, sometimes I do wanna see your child on r/aww
The dog knows what's up!
I miss my dad already :(
I love this so much 🥰
The dog is his straight man lol
This dudes a Jedi knight
This is cute!
The dog wasn’t as impressed
Gawd I love this.
The Force is indeed strong with this one.
This is too cute!!!
Don’t tell him until he’s like 30
The father force is strong with this one.
Even the dog is impressed!
Just wait til he gets mad and pulls the ol' Kylo Ren on you!
Some things only a dad does we always remember.
To cute
When my daughter was about 6, I convinced her I could drive the car with my mind using my knees to drive. Fun times.
Milk it for all its worth and watch this video in 15 years when he tells you it’s not really cool to hang out with you anymore and he prefers his friends to a day out with you. 

Source - am mom of 16 & 17 year old boys who no longer want to go do fun things with me. 😢
The dog is not amused.
Some just set the bar. I tip my hat.
Bribe your dog not to tell.
Dad jokes with action packed visuals!
Meanwhile the dog is like, not this shit again!
 The dog's face shows everything 😂
Only so many years exist for children where magic is real
Such an innocent smile... so cute.
I feel happy for the kid.

I have a dad but a really crappy one, so I have no idea what feels to have a dad that plays with you and cares about you.
It's over, Anakin. I have the high chair.
Hahaha, I love love love this!💕
Dog: man this kid is dumb 

😁 hahahaha love it mate
No good Sir, you in fact DO have Jedi Powers. May the Force and Father Hood be with you!
I'm 37 and while I don't think my dad can move objects with his mind he's still cooler than any Jedi in my mind. I'm sure when your son is 37 he'll think the same of you because you're that cool.
😀😇😊😍brilliant. So sweet.
Good dad, I wish I had.
I swear to god I have seen OP somewhere on my courses xD
Flash forward 60 years or so and the kid can be doing that with Dads wheelchair.
So fuckin' cute!!!!
He’ll figure out the day you can’t show your light saber
What a great dad
He will grow-up to be a visionary.
Dog is not fooled.
Smooth as silk tracking! This is fantastic!
The dog has it figured out.
Our car had the horn on a stick not on the steering wheel so my dad could operate it with his knee (not while driving obvs) and it was years before I realised he wasn’t activating it by blowing really hard on the steering wheel.

This sort of thing is why we become dads.
i used to do this when my cousin was a baby and lived in my house, except he got sick of it after like 4 minutes
I hope I can be this kind of dad some day.
Aww this is so cute ❤️❤️❤️  


Also, the pup is unamused 😂😂
I did that with sliding doors. When my son tried it the doors would pick it up because he was too small.
Priceless, you should try it.
How old is your son? My daughter is 3 weeks old and I want to know when I can do this.
Noooo, even when he finds out, I bet he’ll still ask you do it!!!
My wife hates that I do this kind of stuff with our daughters. My 8 year old still thinks I can use magic to change a red light by rubbing my hands together just because I can see the walk light counting down or see the light from the other direction turn red and time it perfectly. I’ve been doing it for about 5 years.
Dog sitting there thinking, 'is it possible to learn this power?'.
Is it just me or does the guy look like a younger Jeremy Clarkson with the same facial features and hair as him at least from a side profile.

Edit: Now that I think about it the fack looks a little bit like Jame's face as well.
Oh no just up your game dad. Put magnets in the all the furniture and a programmable watch remote to keep it up another 30 years
Hah that’s awesome
My 4yo loves it when I pull things out of her ear. Always making me pull multiple things out of her ear. This one time I'm struggling to find new things to pull without her noticing,  so I say that's enough there's nothing more in your ear. She picks up some thingamajig, hands if over to me,  and says,  "here,  pull this out".
Now do the drop blanket trick everyone is doing to their dogs on TikTok and see if your baby thinks you disappeared.
This is the best, doing this first chance I get.
It makes me sad that this could have been Anakin and the twins. This guy is killing it (being a dad, not killing younglings).
Fido knows the real deal.
Hahaha AWESOME.  You rock, Dad!
Is it possible to learn this power?
Not fooling the dog.
UNLIMITED POWAAAAH!
Fuck 😢 bittersweet like looking at past photos
I am going to play this with my daughter tonight, thanks for great idea
Your son's smile is soooo precious!!!
Nice work Pups
Made me smile
This guy mimes
That is awesome, and such a great age. I especially like that the dog is looking at your feet like "mate, can't he see you're using your feet?"
Dude, you're the dad that dreams are made of.
The dog finds your lack of faith disturbing.
One day, you’ll have to pass on those powers to him — by having him “use the Force” to open those automatic doors at grocery stores!!  🤣
I almost got expelled from religious school because my grandpa used to joke that my grandma "flew around on her broom" so I started telling classmates my grandmother was a witch...
That is the best bib in the industry.
I'm using this move on my daughter tomorrow at breakfast! Thanks for leading by example for the rest of us Dads out here!
Awh. This is too wholesome.
That is so cute!
That’s a smart high chair but my friend
aawww
That’s so wholesome 🥰
Wait how is he doing this, I thought this was a joke, didn’t think he would actually use the force
This made my day, thank you for this.
This made my damn day.  And I just watched the Jazz kick the shit out of the Clippers!
the son "my poor dad thinks he has jedi powers and im just acting along to not disappoint him"
Master Jedi, the Force is strong with you. Your Youngling will soon become a fine Padawan. In time he shall surely be granted the title of Master. Keep up the good work!
The kid might just want to enjoy his bowl of Spaghetti-O’s, you know?
Good job dad!

Reminds me when my son pointed his magic wand at the lights and said a magic spell while his Nana quietly whispered to Alexa to turn the lights on and off. He was in awe...A truly magical memory.
Aww.. I love this!
The dad laugh at the end killz me
Yah my ovaries just exploded so now you owe me money...
My Dad has invisible Power's. Its been 24 year's and i still can't see him
Spoiler alert: the dog already knows.
Dog looking at the feet thinking. Damn the small one is stupid.
It's Dad having the most fun
This is exactlyhow I would want to Dad.  Even when my boy would be 18.
In a galaxy near, near away?
I dunno man. I think you'll always have Jedi mind power over him. Use it wisely. 🙂
OP is having so much fun, you can just see it in his eyes. I love seeing people experiencing this much joy and love, it's actually made my day.

Thanks for the heartwarming OP, I needed it.
This is heartwarming OP.

I love the dog in the background too - looking like "What is he doing?!"
He's low-key kinda scared when the BRAAAHH comes out but then you hit him with the nrnrnrnrrnnrn and he's all in again. Wholesome 😊
Milk it for as long as you can. Because eventually even long after we are gone they'll realize that while we weren't superheroes with superpowers we tried our best, our very best to make them laugh and have a good chance at a life of joy and safety.
You are a good dad :)
Old dads are the best.
this is great coz you can't tell who's having more fun
Officially the cutest thing i've seen all week.

OP seems like an amazing dad, kudos.
Those giggles are like dopamine
I was getting so much wholesome enery and so amused that I didn't realize it was looping. I'm just sitting here, getting into it and nodding while thinking  "when is he going to do a real big move, like repeating is good but where's the big finish?" Lol
Dad kinda looks like Bill Murray. Would like to think this is what his character in Caddyshack ended up doing with his life. He’s got that goin for him.
That's brilliant!
I used to do this with metro trains. I would show my son how I “caught” the train, made it stop, then made the doors open. Then I would push on the bulkhead inside to get it going again. He would die with excitement.
Ok, this made my day
His giggles are everything!
So cute
Dogs not buying it
The dog is thinking… I remember what it was like before your stupid gullible ass was here.
The son:
How many other lies have I been told by the council?
Aww.. How sweet!
Nice try, but we know you are a real jedi. You won't escape the empire.
First second i thought u have like a mental disability and this is gonna be a video of how you still raise a child.

Then i read the title and watched the video lol
Baby's laugh is THE BEST!! 😍😍😍
I love this stage, for a brief moment in time, my child thought I was a wizard.
He might take revenge in 50 years, when (if) you sit in a wheelchair…
Thanks I love it
Don't tell that adorable baby!!!
The force is STRONG in this one
OMG I have to do this with my niece 😂
You have something even greater, Dad Powers!
Amazing my daughter is in for a shock at breakfast
Hey how you doing that
Haha. Love that dog
You do have Jedi power.
You even had me smiling
The dog is there like: "I can see your BS and i approve it"
Wait until he fell asleep on the couch and then somehow wake up on his bed. That's where the magic start.
Meanwhile the dog!! 🤣
Bless you
this trick is same as the rollercoaster in a bucket.
This baby will be one with the force.
Who will play with me, said the little dog!
If you didn't put that title on it. People would be reposting this as proof of psychic powers.
No, he will always believe you are a Jedi.
I'm stealing this for my daughter. Thank you for the Jedi training, master.
You're a great dad.
Sorry but the dog is on to you
And the Dad of the year award goes to OP...
So cute! Playing with them is so fun! We have some glow in the dark stars all over our room and my son occasionally wants one. I'll do an exaggerated 1-2-3 count while swinging my hand behind my head and I'll drop the star or stick it to the back of my head (being bald has it's perks) and just blow his mind by it "appearing" on my forehead or pulling it out of his ear.

Now, when I say something is magic, he shakes his head and says "no it's not magic, it's science" and this little turd isn't even 3 yet.
Just make sure you have a higher ground that day, and you will be safe!
Don't forget to snap your fingers to "change" traffic lights. That's one my dad always did and it blew my mind for so long haha
The dog: Stop already and let the kid throw food on the floor.
What breed is the dog? He's soo cute!
No. Your son probably is thinking "Those Jedi have daddy powers" when he see them
This is awesome.     

I think the baby knows but just wants to help dad believed he is a jedi night.
 Lord Bottlegetter
I am in that stage as well. One day my girls will realize I cannot do magic and that will be sad. I am certainly making the most of it right now though! Absolutely blowing their minds! Haha
op's dog know that op is doing this trick with his legs but dog cant speak anything
How to entertain your kids father and son fun!
Look at that how the Grinch stole Christmas looking ass dog.
Awesome!!Thank you for sharing! ☺️
W H O L E S O M E AF
When that day comes you get the magic of the empire strikes back reveal to share with him (its my fondest memory of spending time with my dad) Raise your kid right, make him a star wars fan and everything will be great 😂
Yes definitely milk it for all it’s worth right now. I have discovered having 10 children that when they reached teenage years I became the most incredibly unintelligent person in the world. Until that point I could make red lights changed just by saying so or blowing on them!!
Gr8 dad
Until the day you realize you have force powers for real and you end up force blasting a plate of spaghetti all over the child
This is the way.
Dad, you rock!  Thank you.
This is the cutest thing I've seen
Cute
That rope pull! Super convincing miming. Well done, OP!
Oh good one. I'm using this one when I get a baby.
Aweee that's the best
Very cute. It looks like the dog figured it out.
i love this
Whoaaa this guy has superpowers.  Hopefully he continues to only use it for good
I didn't know John C Riley had a child!
Priceless !!!!
Too cute
Aww... it's the simple things in life that are beautiful...
Dog: "Before 'you'...he used to play with me like that."
Omg the dog. xD I love it.
I see no way this could be anything other than Jedi powers, I’m convinced
Damn I miss my father
I love you dad
This is awesome.... Go Dad
That little kids laughter, omg so beautiful  makes me laugh too!
how adorable
Master Yoda say Student of the Force cheat, but gesture for youngling is sweet❤️
That gave me such a laugh. Thank you very much.
Is it possible to learn this power?
I miss my dad
I would beg you to drink it in as deep as you can.  It goes by so quickly.
Why does he remind me of bill murray?
You're like the dad with the rollercoaster laundry basket in front of the TV and the daughter kept saying "Careful dad!"
Love for this dad, who's actually making some effort..
I just met you but I love you. 

Also, love how unimpressed rover is (chewie?)
digging the siesta chair out of my basement and going to do this to my 4yo.
The dog is thinking, not this again!
better payoff your pup or he will spill your dirty secret
He already knows. Trust me
The force is strong with this one
Have another kid, then do it to the new baby in front of the first child. I want to see that video.
And now the dad has to recreate the magic every meal time...
That’s adorable
The dog is like: kid, look at his feet!!!
Hard to say which one is enjoying it the most!
Of course you have Jedi powers. How do you think your hands made your feet move the chair?
Brilliant
dog like: brah...
Dog is thinking.... look at these 2 dumbasses, geesh I love them.
Dad thinks kid is mind boggled kids is just laughing to make daddy happy. He knows his daddy is not a Jedi.
No, he'll just think yoou don't use them anymore.
Oh my gosh we need more wholesome stuff like this!!!
Milk these days for as much as you can get! I had twins - they are turning 11 this year and they are becoming VERY surely
Fuckin wholesome.
Lmao great acting tbh
What a great dad.
This post was the most silver awarded across all of Reddit on June 11th, 2021!

^(I am a bot for )^[/r/TopPostOfTheDay](/r/toppostoftheday) ^( - Please report suggestions/concerns to the mods.)
You, sir, are dadding correctly. I've learned a trick for when I have kids of my own!
The dog though!  LMAO!
I love this 😭 I keep replaying it 💙 even my 7 year old daughter was like wait how is he really doing it ? lol!
Hilarious!  I predict this kid will inherit his Dad’s wacky sense of humor, which is a wonderful trait to have.
Awesome,  good family bonding
The child knows what's going on, but he loves his dad so he's humouring by playing along.
I still find it so weird when people on Reddit post videos of their kids.
Dude looks like he needs a shower
You're awesome
This might be so cute it gives me diabetes
This is adorable!
I LOVE THIS. Put a big smile on my face.
How old are you?
u/savevideo
Dad looking more like gramps
Lol!!! I was going to say "babies are the best". But crud... I have an 8 mo old, a 6yo, and a 14 yo.  Generally, life's a riot!! Enjoy.  They're 14 just like that!   So. Kids are the best!
I love everything about this
I didn't come to r/aww to see your stupid fucking baby
I love this! Babies are so cute and their laughs are infectious. Put a smile on my face. Lots of ehugs to that cutie. :)
Shame on you. He’s the one moving you closer to him!!
Legit. The greatest thing I have seen on the internet today! Way to go dad!!! Love this  so much!!!! 😍
Nah....I can tell he will always \*know\* how powerful you are. \*The dad is strong with this one\* Cant wait to see your God-tier Jokes (God is the ultimate Father)
As being a dad with a son about his age, maybe I should try that too.
Two babies...playing silly games
This is so wholesome and awesome!!! Father of the year goes to…………. 👏🏻👏🏻
I hope that’s grandpa and kid realizes soon enough.
[removed]
Nice one trick that the dad does when he’s not at work or the bar 99% of the time
You have to say I am the senate!!
Pretty sure all he knows is he's being moved. Cmon mr dad admit it, this was all for you.
When I was little my dad used to trip me out by using his psychic powers to predict when a traffic light was about to change. I wasn't in my 20s until I realised that he was about to pull the trick off by simply watching the lights of the road crossing the intersection. Good times 😂
u/savevideo
A few weeks ago I have a friend over. He is playing with my son in the other room. My son makes him come see me and tells me to make his toy disappear. Something I do with him often.

So I take his toy, distract him long enough to hide the toy in my pocket, distract him again, and pretend to find the toy behind his ear.

He turns to my friend and says, "See! I told you my dad is magic!" My heart melted instantly.
There’s this spot in our town that always has very noticeable cold air for a stretch of about 50’ or so due to a nearby mine. The other day I told my 5yo to stick his hand out the window, I was going to cast an ice spell and he could catch it. He was completely baffled when the cold air hit his hand.
White yoda looks disappointed on the side
The dogs just like what the hell man why?
Your son just thinks you eat crayons.
Yeah, dad humor, there is no middle ground. Little kids and toddlers think you're a God, until the day they wake up and look at you as if you're the old crazy dude sleeping on the park bench. I'm sure there are exceptions. Enjoy it while you got it. 💪
Excellent video, He's going to be his son's hero.
Cat wants to come in.
Was doing this with my daughter this morning. I’m jealous you have a record of it. My wife just gives me exasperated looks that convey something like “please don’t make her AS nerdy as you are” which of course I would never do…

… the goal is obviously to make the next generation bigger and better nerds than ourselves.
Chief O'Brien ???!!!!
Maybe he’ll be slow... then you can play this game forever.
Otay
u/savevideo
Um, when I was a kid I already knew about these tricks maybe it was just me.
My son was quite a bit older when I fooled him into believing my new car had mind control over the radio volume.  

He was in the back seat and I had him changing the volume with his mind again and again.  He was pretty impressed until he finally realized my left hand was on the steering wheel and there were buttons.
How was he doing y
Miles O'Brien, Starfleet Engineering
I will actually tell my son I am a mutant and not some made up Star Wars character.
Ho
May the fauxs be with you
you look kinda like alex lifeson from this angle  


just a smidge
My dad used to pretend he could unlock the car just by curling his hand into a fist. I would already be in the car and definitely couldn't tell that he was just turning the key with his other hand. I was also a very gullible child
Thanks to this video, I have a strong opinion that a highchair with wheels is now a must-have baby item!!
Kkk
The day he learns you don’t have Jedi powers is the day he learns you are a Sith Lord! And on that day he will also learn about the rule of 2, after that day comes you better watch your back.
Lol
u/savevideo
r/prequelmemes
my dad had a magic trench-coat that made him 3 feet tall.
I'm looking into high chairs now, how do you like the Siesta? What made you decide on this one over another?
I have some magic fake thumbs that have lights in them and it looks like you can control light and make it disappear and for the longest time my kids thought I had super powers.
Can't digest in peace 😂
but hell see your true powers of dad legend and love ,
"The force is strong with this one" Dark Helmet to mr burns about Skywalker kush
u/savethisvideo
I will do this when I have kids.
As long as you dont make the darth vader chokehold you should be ok!
All floor contractors hate this one simple trick.

The Jedi mind trick
LMAO....can i be yours too??
Check out the dog’s reaction 😂
Plot twist : OP's son soon discovers his force powers when he throws a tandrum.
Is this Fr. Doughal?
Not sure where you are in the world, but if you can access Bluey (Australian kids TV show) both you and your son will love it. 

The dad plays all sorts of games with the kids (go away, no, come back is their version of this).
We have one of those toy lightsabers that you flick out to make it come out. My youngest on can't do it yet and the "wow" he says when I do it makes me feel like an actual Jewish. Can't beat it.
Dog upstages scene
u/savevideo
At the beginning, the audio part of this video repeated an insane amount of times while loading the comments. that was a trip.
so cute !!
I'll try it with my daughter. Thanks for that preciousness.
Dad's Rock
Dog already knows, and he judges you hard
Look at dog
Haha.  Picture of two happy father and son
This is what Darth Vader did to his son
Your dog already knows. Ha! 🚀🚀🚀
u/savevideo
u/savevideo
This is dadding done right! He is having a great time!
Actually took me a while to realise how he's doing that! Started to think the Jedi were here
u/savevideo
~~Hi~~
The dog, "yawn - dad - oy vey"
But the baby is happy 😊
Good dad. Keep your sense of humor as he grows. It will help. Adorable baby, sweet smile.
not fooling doggo - at 18 sec doggo focuses on JEDI sleight of footsies
 Kñ,q
Pain(nagato)hahah
This gives me energy that of my bf. Ik he would this if or when we have kids
All daddies are heroes.
Put the camera phone down and be in the moment with your child you stupid fuck.
Usually these aww things are just cutesy shit but I loved this.
Dad energy...shit moms wont do
Cute - but this kid will lose a lot of fights early in his life standing there like a moron tryin to do some forces
Including karma.
It’s all fun and games til he pushes the kid back just a little too hard and it tips over and the kid cracks his head open.
Proof that this is you?

Edit: ok, no proof
I don't believe in deception for children for any reason, to control their behavior - the way Machiavelli would advocate in justifying the means to an end - or out of charity to make them happy.  Deception violates the dignity of anyone you deprive of knowledge of reality and it sets a bad example of dishonesty.
kids arent cute.
fuck your dumb kid, post the dog
One day your son will be called a liar, because he told his friends about your power.
[removed]
