I have a senior dog who has a particular game he likes to play with me. He begs for a milk bone and when I give it to him, he dashes into the living room, puts it down and then waits for me to try to ‘steal’ it. Basically I do the tickle fingers thing and pretend to try to snatch it and then I chase him around the coffee table until he jumps on the couch. He won’t eat the milkbone until I play the game with him. It’s so freaking cute.
"I'm too old for this shit so Ima stay in the middle and wait for her to screw up"
I play this game with my dog.  But she's a 3-year-old labrador who runs me down like a frightened gazelle in about 3.2 seconds flat.
That’s a super mom. She must be exhausted but still gives time to her other baby. What a happy home.
Where do you get the energy?!
Hahaha that is very cute. Hahahappy dog is happy.
That just made my whole day
[deleted]
I used to chase the momma - 'round n 'round the house we'd go!

but I'm alittle older now, n gotten kinda slow . . .

n mom - she has a baby now, it takes a lot of time

it keeps her very busy, but her happiness - sublime

But when the baby settles down to sleep, it's *quiet*, then

the memories come flooding back - just me n mom, again ^:@)

n like the younger girl she used to be, that i adore

we chase each other through the house -

around n 'round

once more

❤️
Why am I crying in the club
This is one of the best things I have seen today... A mom that still has something left at the end of the day!!  I can tell this is a super special relationship for both of them.
Rug is zoomies zone, rest is careful clickys
This is great to see. Dogs feel left out also. When we brought our baby home, we tried to give our dog as much attention as possible so he didn't feel left out.
Ghost orbs confirmed
I love his derp play look
I have an old dog, can confirm this is her favorite game.
I love this so much. This is what a good dog owner does when they have a baby that takes priority.... 🥰🥰🥰
So incredibly sweet! And he’s so happy, what a lovely home.
This is the life! Also, I love nice spacious circular floorplans.
Oh, the old man zoomies are so precious!
I do this with my cat.  Always need to make time to play with her in the evening. I am the one running around the place like a crazy lady while the cat mostly stays in one place and stares at me.  She knows it’s playtime though cause she purrs and gets all the attention.
Reminds me of my Moxie (Mocha), playful until the end. Dogs lifespans should be at least double what it is
Doggos are meant to be loved and played with. Not just left in the backyard
On that last round, smart old fella figured it out, and pulled a great fake.
Ma’am, you have orbs flying around your house.  Perhaps the spirit world is partaking in your frolicking.
I am the same with my African grey parrot. I used to have her out of her cage for as long as it's possible before having a child. Sometimes she would be out chilling on my shoulder, running around the house for 6-8 hours a day.

Since having a child (she's 14 months), my grey doesn't get to do all that so much right now. So every evening when my child has gone to bed, it's daddy and parrot playtime for a good few hours!
Can’t forget your first baby! 😃
I see my myself here and know you do this with all your love..
What kind of dog is this?
This is my come home ritual with my dog. Run the circle, turn around, run the circle, stomp feet reverse, run run run, hide behind couch...jump! RAWR! 



Continue shinans, until yelled at by human. Then hit the couch for some 99.
I love this game.  But you have to let dog win or they quit on you.
My dog would be barking and wake up the baby.
And now the “first baby” is awake lol
Our dog is like this.  He’s gone through 2 newborns and we feel his time has come 🥺😩
I will always upvote dogs doing cute stuff. I miss my pupper.
The sneeze at 00:19 is what gets me, it's a sign of how the dog knows they're playing and having a good time,.. you know if all the other signs didn't point it out.
Thank you for giving that doggo good life.
Wow sooo sweet... you have orbs playing with you too.
Bouncy
Lol I laugh just as much when I’m playing with my dog. It’s for both of us 💕 she keeps me playing. You’re a great mom!
Aww... She clearly wants you to come back to the carpet where all the TRACTION is!
So wholesome
This brought me joy to watch, glowing demon eyes notwithstanding.
This is adorable.
Sloomies. Love old dogs
I'm a bit happier for the mom.  Post-partum can be tough, I guess.
Dog never wrapped around the wall to find you. Can’t stand cheaters.
I love that you are having just as much fun as they are.  Thank you for remembering to show both your babies personal attention.  That’s so adorable and special.  I’m just imagining both of you saving your last bit of energy for the day for your playtime and I’m tearing up.
My dogs play hide and seek. 
  'They will wait at the bottom of the stairs and we yell " wait " 

Then my boyfriend and I hide upstairs and then we yell "help, come find me". The dogs ace around all happy trying to find us, once they do,  they race down the stairs and wait for us to hide again . They tire themselves out on the stairs and usually take nice long nap afterwards.
Everyone is very happy in this post.  Even the spiritual orbs that are dancing across the room.  Or it could be a sun catcher in your window...
You are so doing the best thing for your dear old dog.  Dogs can feel really displaced and jealous when a baby arrives, as I'm sure you know!  I look after my baby grand daughter a lot while my daughter works and have had to give my dog a lot of extra love and attention to keep things on an even keel. Seems to be working, as they are now very sweet to each other.  I still keep a weather eye on the situation, though.  Well done you for having the energy to play "chase"!
It always makes me so happy seeing old dogs having much fun and playing like that. They might be old but they keep the fun like little puppies.

Goodest bois and gurls.
This girl deserves dogs.
Anyone else see that ghost orb top left at 15seconds?
Anyone else see the floating orb at :13?
We've got ghost orbs confirmed
Great video, is it just me or can others see all the ORBS in the video.
This must be my upstairs neighbor.
THATS MY BEAT FRANNNN!!!!!!
I love 💘 this! Too many 4 legged kids become forgotten when the two legged ones arrive. You are the best kind of dog mom!
Ok this just made me play with my dog too 😂
Enjoy that moment and video for the rest of your days
Sooo cute!! I love older doggos ❤️
This is so sweet!! Your dog is absolutely beautiful and adorable!
i loved this so much i watched it twice!
I love the little pounces at :15. What a sweetheart.
This is absolutely adorable.
Is she a great Pyrenees by chance? My boyfriend has a German shep/Pyrenees mix and she looks *way* taller than him, but same blondie coloring
Gotta love that 1/2 drop that dogs do which means “I’m wanting to play!”
A buddy of mine had a dog like this. It was super old, but would still be very playful. He'd 'chase' someone around the house like this until he'd just stop, yawn, plop down, and fall asleep.
This is so pure.
TIL that dogs actually sneeze during play fights/chases to signify that they don’t mean any harm during the process 😯
Hey that’s my couch
Mum is getting a lot more exercise than the old girl.
wow
Don't forget to chase her too! I saw she was waiting for her turn to run...they love to be chased too! Ah...I miss my pup...
If you don't mind...give her a hug and a kiss for me, yeah? *sigh*.
I love the dogs little dopey hopping runs haha what a good pup
Thats soo sweet .... brings back a lot of memories
OMG this made me smile. Good vibes all around.
Love it! I wish I could have a dog
That dog plays with the human the way I play with dogs.  Make em think you're going to run but just kinda hop and then wait for them to do all the work.
kudos to mom

doting her baby whole day long, and still find time to play with her old pup
We may have a lot going on in our life but for a dog we are their whole life
That could be a great article title for your pet. (Old dog enjoys playtime(after new baby goes to bed & she can have mom all to herself again). Pets are just lovely❤️
i just think its great she still makes time for the fluffy boi during the day
I love it when dogs do that ‘downward dog’ thing when they play. It’s a sure indication that they’re having fun and want you to join in. The dog in the video became a puppy again. I’m not crying, you are.
That’s nice that she took the time to play with the old gal.  I don’t have a baby but know that pets can feel left out after an addition to the family.
Saw a ghost orb
Aww how sweet. Have a few kids but I make sure to spend some time with each of my old girls separately (they get jealous and have literally fight over my attentions before if they see one gets more pett’s than the other). They are sweet and good with the kids. They deserve more. I’m gonna go get them some extra treats and toys nexts time I get paid. Love my fur baby girls.
Sweet doggy
That’s so beautiful and I know the little doggie appreciates it.😊😊😊😊
thank you for not letting her go forgotten❤️
My cat likes to do this lol. He’s a weird little bugger.
Just wait until your baby grows up and can play with the dog. Our dog was not impressed when we brought home our daughter. But they now play together, cuddle together and she sneaks him food and he knows it lol
ADORABLE!!
Just wanna say I love that the dog isn't being left out or ignored after a new baby has arrived. Mom is probably exhausted but it's so so so lovely that she's making time for the original baby.
Good on this woman. When a new baby comes you have almost no energy left. She obviously truly loves this dog.
Dogs are better than babies in every single way. His dog is absolutely adorable.
A mom never forgets those special games they used to play!
nothing hits my heart quite like a senior dog who is well loved and happy.
My sweet friend died suddenly a couple days ago. She was such a crazy heeler, but I’ll miss her antics dearly. Don’t ever take your pal for granted.
What a great idea!  Although how that new mom has the energy for this I don't know.
OH BLESS YOU. She is having SO much fun. You are the type that make the world worth living in.
Momma's run is also adorable
A lot of orbs in that video.
That’s so cute!! my dog just bites me and shits on my carpet
Ghosts all over this video lol
She looks just like my dog 😭💗
Live long and happy lil one 🥰❤️! Thank you mom!
This warms my heart!  :-)
This makes me so happy
Sweet baby 💛
Oh my goodness that’s the sweetest thing I’ve ever seen
That’s sweet.
Well that was awesome
I love the spread out paws zoomies pose.
I play this game with my cat!
My cat loves this game.
Orb
Old dogs are the best dogs
You da best.
Awww, memories of puppy days past...
Amazing mom for being able to make time for both 👍
I have the same couch that you have!
How the fuck is she not tired though?
Sooo adorable!🥰
I love dogs
I love dogs.
Aww lovely I do this with my old dog too❤
Few things as heart warming as an old doggie playing with a genuine lope.
This is so important. So many pups languish on the back burner after babies come.
So *that's* what my upstairs neighbor has been doing.
Watched to the tune of Benny Hill.
I do this with my old pup to when I have time I have two little kids now I think he’s happy to be the old man to have grown up with our babies.  This is so sweet
I hate the low ceiling light fixture. I hit my head a couple times a week on one so I had to move it all the way up so it cleared my head.
This makes me absolutely terrified to have children with dogs. I have two dogs, and one of them is 65 lbs. I have no idea how to socialize a dog in front of a baby lol
Love when a dog does the happy shuck and jive. Lol.
Awww, I used to play the hide and seek / catch me game going around room dividers with one of our dogs. Good memories :)
Aw, she's having such a good time.
Awesome dog mom remembering she has more than one baby who needs attention!
This makes me happier than any video I’ve ever seen. Love your dog
Awww
Awwww I love this. Good doggo
that’s so cute.
I love this.
Thats why we love dogs!
This is the AWW I am looking for. 

Not those pets and babies being put together which may cause unnecessary harm.
Love it!
Das a big boofer
Thank:) this is so cute. 
It reminds me of my best dog ever! 
I miss my old girl. She was a good nana dog to my kid too.
Wow that's a big dog 🤯
She’s the best mom to both her babies <3
Sweetness.
Es tan lindo🥺
r/Zoomies 🥰
Awwwhhh😍😍😍❤❤❤
So loyal!
This is beautiful! I absolutely just love this so much! It makes my heart melt 🥰🐾
This is the sweetest thing.
I play hide and seek with my dog. My wife takes the baby to the office (family business) and I work from home. On my lunch breaks we play hide and seek and she wins more often than I would like to admit.
Not for long with that racket.
❤️
It’s so amazing how little makes them happy!! Good for you for making the old baby a priority too!
Reminds me of my dog so much!! Old but wise. You got to let her win sometimes too 😁
This post is gonna make my pregnant ass cry. I have two senior dogs and I'm so scared that will feel neglected when baby comes. Thanks for the inspiration!
Aww I needed to smile today. Reminds me of my old dog
my border collie/lab mix waits patiently ever day while I make the bed. She sits and waits for me to cover her with the blanket so she can hop around underneath it and try to get out. its adorable.
luv this!
a good girl
Thank you for still taking time for your dog. I know it’s such a simple thing but I recently had to turn away a family at my job who wanted to put their dog down because they’re having a baby. 

That shit breaks my heart.
All the ruffhousing better not wake the baby
I do this with my two dogs, then they end up scrapping with themselves. 
Did that with my last two dogs as well.
This is so cute. ❤️ Pups always deserve their own play time and special time with their owner.
Cute
This is absolutely beautiful. Anyone that had or has a dog they grew old with understands
I’m glad she’s getting some alone time with you! Some people just forget to give their dogs their own attention when a new baby comes into the picture.
Good times. 
I have a 95lb 10 year old GSD 8 month old puppy (goodest bestest boy ever).
Good times.
10/10
Hope you own your house or live on ground floor 😆
"No one uses a dinning room anymore." - Clint Barton, Age of Ultron.
My favorite part of jose and seek with them is when they run away from you and catch on with the playing. Sooooo freaking adorable to run after them. Makes me miss my Xena and Wishbone so freaking much
Get some floor mats with grip for that pup... and for the hardwood lol
Now that's an awesome parent
Cute
Wow, people who have all this space in their house!
🥺
MEIRL
😍❤️😍
This just gave me a crystal-clear memory of my sweet late old boy. Thank you.
♥
🧅🧅🧅🥲
This is so fucking sweet it hurts. My wife and I are talking about having our first child and we have a super jealous toy poodle so it’s kind of hard to know how she’s going to react to a new “baby” in the household.
We do this at my house. I give my dog the signal. she grabs a toy and I chase her around the house pretending I'm going to grab her . Awesome in February when you live in New England.
How many times have you nailed your noggin’ on that chandelier though?
Cute Dog, cute Mom :)
this kind of entertainment is good for both human and dog, mental and body.
This is so wholesome.
My dog gives questionable looks to the neighbor's pink flamingo lawn ornament. She could not let this thing down and would constantly stare at it when ever we passed the house. I have a photo of her looking at it, I thought it was cute.
That’s a good mom!
Precious baby. 🥺
Clever dog
Chonk
Watching reddit videos is a pain, it doesnt load
Awesome mom you have 2 happy babies
  we have the same dog eveytime i hide he always looking for me
This is what I do with my dog!! Except he threatens me the whole time and kicks my ass when he catches me.
Either she and her house are really tiny or this dog is ginormous
My dog used to play a game where he’d wait at the bottom of the stairs and me and my dad would take off down the hallway and try to jump on the bed before he got us. He would literally go down and wait for us to make a move. It was so cute
What a good dog
We don't deserve dogs, they are so loving and happy. I lost one last month and even when she was hours away from dying those smart eyes were following us and she begged to be put in the sofa. Miss u Jade
She’s beautiful!💕💕
I call bullshit, no new parent has that much energy at the end of the day.
This is freaking adorable good for you! Unfortunately those dust particles make it look like something from Paranormal Activity. But keep playing with your pup, God bless you for having the energy!
That dog seems so huge compared to the owner. I’d have thought it was an optical illusion, if not for the fact that both of them move around so much and the *illusion* doesn’t go away.
I do the same thing with my dogs and they chase me around the kitchen island, it's so fun!
This is the cutest thing I've seen all week
My Doggo made it to 17 years. 

I can hear the claws on the floor, check if they need trimming. Old Dogs can need that.
This is how you parent.
Awwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww. This. This is right here. This breaks me. 

You guys: playing. 
Angels &orbs: pwz can we play too?

What a bunch of absolute space cadets. 

Potentially the gayest, most sissified and limp-wristed comments section I’ve ever read.
This is super cute!!
Yeah dog will ride her all night. Wait what?
Holup, doesn't this qualify as a Zoomie considering her age?
I love this
Wait till baby gets big
So adorable!💖
So nice to see can owner take time for their old doggo. Its the little things we remember when they leave us.
Aw that's lovely! we also play silly games with our dogs, and it helps to have a house that allows you to go around like that! Have fun! :)
Beautiful dog GOD Bless this dog with many more years
Am I the only one who thought this was going to be an r/creepy post with that thumbnail of the dog's glowing ass eyes in the dark? 

Okay okay I'll tell the brain to stop pooping now and get back to work. 

"Brain gotta poop still..."
Aww so sweet
You have energy to run between rooms?
cute
What a gorgeous baby
This warms my cold heart.
💓
He's really having playtime with his owner!
Love that sneeze!
get runner carpets for that old dog please, hardwood and slick surfaces are brutal for an old buddy.
So that's what's going on above my head at night.
I could watch this all day
This is adorable!
Haha I used to play this game with my childhood dog, Dusty.
I just put my dog down. This makes me both happy and sad.
Did anyone notice the orbs flying around
wowww coooooooool
I cant stop seeing the orbs..👻 ???
That big ass horse.
I love this.  Usually when there's a new baby, the dog gets ignored then starts acting out.   This dog owner is making sure her dog stays included. We need more people like this!!!
So cute, who said you have to be young to have fun with doggo, I really like how people really enjoy having pets :)
No  idea where you found the energy for the dog.after my son was born we didn't even have time/energy to have sex let alone play with the animals
Ghost orbs, grab the crucifix
The Ghost Adventures crew would be freaking out about all those dust particles caught on camera
Absolute unit!
I love this dog.
That play sneeze halfway through was gold
Your doggie is adorable, she’s having so much fun. Check out the orbs too! Happy days😋
Such good old doggo plays! Makes me miss my old pitty, but warms my heart big time! ❤️❤️❤️ 
Love to all those Sr. Dogs!!
Good doggo
❤️❤️❤️
The preview image is nightmare fuel
I want to know what crack the mom is on to have all that energy with a baby?
What a great Momma  💜
This is my exact situation. When my husband takes baby upstairs to go to bed, doggo will come sit on the couch with me for pets. At first she would always try to physically get between me and the baby. But I think she's accepted the baby now and knows she still gets private time with me. Yay!
He's a good boy.....
You have ghosts.
massive dogpill
How could anyone watch this and not smile?
That is one happy doggo!
 What kind of dog is that
Awwwww! I love the sneeze she made midway through. My old dog used to always sneeze when he got excited. Hope you have many more wonderful playtimes together <3
Yes!  Hide and seek!  We love it.  Sometimes we play (2 dogs and me) a version where I hide a treat and they have to find it.  Oh, the craziness!  Then of course, everybody gets a prize no matter who finds the treat first.  Perfect on a rainy day, it can actually wear them out.
Your dog will always be your first baby :)
I approve.
I’m in love with the both of you!!
The play stance when she peeks her head around the corner!!! 😍
This is a wonderful post - thank you so much for sharing these moments - I don’t know if you noticed the orbs floating around - look up if you don’t know but they are spirits of loved ones visiting or rather attracted to both of your joy and are there as orbs loving you all
We have a small senior boy who we do a similar game with - every now and then he gets a sassy attitude for like five minutes and will whine until you get down on your knees to play with him. He slaps the floor with his little paws, jumps like a bunny, whips his head around wildly and shakes his little ears, and he likes it when we blow air in his face and pretend to wrestle with him. Then he has to go rest in our laps. He is just a treasure!!!
Awwww my seniorita loves that game, too! You’re a great (dog) mom!
Quality play time yay!
👏🐶👍Dogs really respect people , their time and privacy! how can they be so delicate without even being tought! 🤷‍♂️It's surprising!
Pretty baby - she was there first.
Beautiful
From the perspective... it looks like Momma has an aged Direwolf.
Where’s all your furniture?
This. Is. Awesome. ♥️♥️♥️
This one was quite wholesome, thank you
Old pupper zoomies are some of the best zoomies
Sooo much fun!  

On a side note, I feel like I'm hearing a lot more nail sounds than I should.  You may want to keep her nails cut shorter, so she can get more surface area of her pads on the slick floor.  Like someone else pointed out she is more active on the carpet than she is on the floor, so traction may be an issue for her.
This is the proof that free will is an illusion:100% of men had the same thought watching this, no matter what they say.
Ghost Adventures are analyzing this video
Your baby sleeps? 😭
[removed]
[removed]
You're a good mom, to your fur baby and your hooman baby. This warms my cynical heart.
What a beautiful dog. How old are they?
This is a good mom. Takes care of her human baby and fur baby. All the respect.

Edit: grammar.
Boy I wonder why this is getting upvoted
Yes I too give bug fur baby love when tiny human baby hibernates for the night
Awwwww giv the doggie many belly rubsss!
💕
This is wholesome, and I love it.
This is awesome! Dog are mammals just like us.  They go through emotional stages,  especially with a new baby.  Beautiful video!😍
Anyone else see the thumbnail? Creepy lol
We really don’t deserve dogs
This is so nice

An ex friend of mine had her baby

Ignored her sweet dog and the dog ended up getting super sick and almost dying 

I was so disappointed and stopped speaking to her
Be careful to not have the dog see the baby as competition for attention. Some dogs recognize a pattern, that their owner(s) only have time for them, when the baby is away, such as in bed, etc. And as a result they start resenting it. It suffices to have the baby present every now and then, when you focus on your dog, be it play time or doing tricks or just cuddling. And super cute dog! It's great to see it still enjoys playing like that despite being older😊
This is fake… no new parent has the energy to do that after baby goes to bed
[removed]
[removed]
Moms are the heroes
[removed]
mm time for me nightly duties

edit: finished washing the dishes and taking out the trash
Nice interior decoration.
Ghost orbs confirmed
There's a few sprites chasing the dog near the end, and made a brief appearance around 0:15.

Not really, but if you ever watch any ghosthunter shows, they always say any visible dust particles are sprites or some nonsense.
Anyone else see the orbs?
You just know...
Aweeeeeeeee 🍌🐈😘
 Pleasing the owner till his/her last breath. Adorable. We don't deserve dogs.
What da dog doing?
[deleted]
Did you guys see that orb?
Moms never stop mommin’
What da dog doin?
Old chonk
It’s important to maintain quality time with those who were there first in my opinion
Well that is about the most wholesome thing I have seen in some time. ❤
Hope you and your baby are staying healthy! Did you just move to the apartment/house? Looks like the space is missing a few furniture pieces!
Good dog mom
Small dog
"Did she goes this w. . .MOM'SSO SILLYMOM'SSOSILLYWEEEE!"
So heartwarming to see that an old soul can still have fun with their mommy :)

I know someone else already asked what kind of breed is your dog. My pooch literally looks exactly like yours! We picked him up at the local pound too. We think he's a husky and American Dingo mix.
Trim those dog nails with a dremel. He’ll feel much more secure on that floor.
Did you get robbed??
It’s my cake day!! I thought I forgot and missed it! I love this sweetie pie doggo!
Did anyone notice the orbs flying around in that house. Be curious to know if there are any paranormal things that go on in that house.
Yeah activity is really high and I'm pretty sure I saw ghost orbs. Can someone else check monitor with me? Who has thermo?

But really, super cute haha
wiggle wiggle
Those orbs tho
[removed]
MAKE👏🏻TIME👏🏻TO👏🏻PLAY👏🏻WITH👏🏻YOUR👏🏻DOG👏🏻
Animals are given to us by God himself. He shows us through them how we are supposed to act. 
Never trust someone that hates animals.
[removed]
 *
[deleted]
Carpet the place or put rugs everywhere if you really care about your bigger old dog.

Edit: Guess nobody gives a shit about making their old dog's life easier. Y'all are probably the type that bring them to shelters because they're too much of a burden for precious you.
Ghost Orbs confirmed.

Did someone bring the ghost book?
Who has the EMF reader?
Am I the only one who saw the orb??
[removed]
Sk
Love
very nice...
What a cute dog. Even it's old now
It looks the other way around. "Baby has gone to bed and mom needs some playtime now, lets get this over with."
New baby is meant like dog puppy or human puppy?
This is Awsome
Scary af thumbnail
aww!
iase dog hame
I’ve had upstairs neighbors that enjoyed playtime with their huge dog at night also.
What are you doing, step-dog?
I could post one of my "me comments" but I'll pass
There playing chase
Cutie mine is better 😜
Did you adopt your dog in Atlanta in 2012? My dog looks like a replica!
Uhhhh
Those poor downstairs neighbor :(
Dog? What dog?
Not sure why anyone would have a baby if they have a dog. That just doesn't make any sense.
Orbs
It’s going to reach out invite you if you keep teasing it.
[deleted]
I can’t believe I’m the only one seeing orbs all over this room!!!!!! 😮
Hey guy's anyone beside me see all those orbs, flying around?
Shoulda gotten a brother for him instead of making another human.
[removed]
[removed]
Having a dog in an apartment is so cruel
[removed]
