I bet he'll be back!
[deleted]
And that’s how Bob the Cat found his new human friend.
**OH MAH GAAWD IT’S A BOBCAT!!!**
Such a simple act of kindness... But he probably saved this innocent creature.
Good stuff!

Side note: I've never seen one with such a long tail. Around here (Colorado) they just have little nubs for tails
Heatwaves can be rough on wild animals. In many cases, they just don't have any way to find relief. Turning on the hose to allow a drink and a rest might have saved this cat's life. It definitely made his day better.
*This moistens the cat.*
See the difference in the tail from before and after the water. That is a rejuvenated cat right there.
116 here  today and just filled up all my water bowls. again
If you have property that abuts undeveloped land and are in drought or heatwave conditions, put out bowls or buckets of water.  Let's help keep what little wildlife we still have.
r/humansbeingbros
California bobcat be like.. Hmm it's not Fiji water but I can suffer through
Also in Arizona, we've been host to a Hawk mom with two of her kids the last couple days. Pretty crazy.
Okay that’s the thirst taken care of. What’s for dinner.
the ice age soundtrack makes it hit different
 Congrats on your new pet bobcat.
I *really* what to pet that bobcat
A real r/HydroHomies
Nice man.
My favorite part is the finesse this person uses when turning the water on. Just enough.
Do you want bobcats? Because this is how you get bobcats!
Dang that cat must've been desperate... normally a very skiddish and elusive animal
I saw a mountain lion once, it made me Puma pants!
The only time when one wants to sleep in the wet spot
I'd like to buy this man a beer.
It’s a baaaawbcat! A what?!? A baawwwbcaat!!
Bring out the bowl of cat food. In a less than a week, you'll have a new cat!!!
We’re also expecting this year to be between 114-124F in Arizona thankfully it’s dry heat but if we get monsoons rolling oh no the humidity….
We are in a drought in Chicago.  I keep the birdbaths filled with fresh water.  They get thirsty.
Humans being bros.
Good guy
Anyone know the music at the end? Sounds so familiar
What’s the song? I recognize it and it’s hurting my head
What film is that backing music from?
I feel awful when I think about how a lot of wildlife just isn't going to be able to adapt to climate change, and probably won't survive in the long run as a result. Humans are just like "LOLZ! 120 degrees out? It's AC time baby!" but animals don't have that option.
I'm glad he filmed himself turning on the hose; I might not have known how the magic water appeared otherwise.
r/humansbeingbros
Who here hasn't taking a nap on a wet spot?
You the real MVP
Kittyyyyyy
r/humansbeingbros
Yesss, take care of the adorable kitty... Hopefully, it's okay. (I know it's not a kitty, it's a wildcat)
Thank you for giving the bobcat water. So kind.
Nice fuckin kitty right there!!!
Love this.
Do you want Bobcats? Because that's how you get Bobcats!
There are still some kind hearts in this world ❤
One day someone will try to mug you in an alley, and this bobcat will appear to fuck them up.
That’s how easy it is to be a kind person ❤️
I love cats
r/humansbeingbros
The person who did this is someone we should aspire to emulate.
Awww he is cute
Someone get that AI to hurry up on working on a universal language.

I'm tired of scaring animals when I just want to offer them a snack or a drink.
What’s the music in the background from its been bugging me?
r/hydrohomies homies come in all shapes and sizes:)
Nice guy.  Nice bobcat
What a wonderful guy
Very nice. Thank you for being kind to one of God’s creatures.
Awww 🥰 you are sooo nice 😊
Comes back for more water and eats your dog...
This fucking makes me angry this isn't r/awww or cute or humans being bros.  this heat wave is because of us because we keep people in power who don't believe in the science and it's the animals that are paying for our stupidity and down right selfishness.
Probably sooner than many people think will water come out of a tap faucet for the last time, out in the southwest
[removed]
And now, every karen will have to cross your new bobcat to speak to your manager
I had a baby bird die of heat exhaustion on my front porch today. My dog found it and I tried to help it by scooping it up into a box in the shade and bringing it a little water bath but it was too late. Called my husband crying at work.
Very nice story.  Glad the cat got some relief!  The music was a little much, though. No need to embellish it.
Humanity at its finest. Love this so much!
Probably the same bobcat that attacked that lady holding a cake
Get ready for big cat piss
Yeah let’s attract it back to the neighborhood where everyone’s pets live.
good man! they say that one cat’s life is worth 7 monk’s so you got a lot of karma.
[removed]
Good job dude
You can see how hot he is, panting. Nice job!
U r such a wonderful human. Thank you isn’t enough but ty just the same.
..........a hero you are................
r/Humansbeingbros
Hero
Did you see that tail wag?
r/humansbeingbros
I once took out my hose for a thirsty cougar
What a good Samaritan!
Good human.
Guess who just got adopted
Oh my god it's a bobcat!
We have a number of outdoor cats. It was 117 degrees outside today. We must go out a number of times a day and wet down areas for them to cool down. We always clear the hot water out of the hose before we start spraying of course.
Probably waiting for the neighborhood cat
You got a lil leak on your hose there
If Arizona already gets to 115 I can't imagine what it's going to be like in 20 years...
Poor baby🥺
poor kitty
Are Bob cats dangerous? Can you pat them ?
Earned an "awww"!

I make sure my birthbath is always full in the summer.  I don't just get birds I get the neighbor's cat and an opossum.
now I’m wondering why cats (and dogs) drink that way, and if maybe somewhere a pet cat (or dog) has learned how to guzzle water
I keep a water bowl in my yard. The raccoon, skunks, and neighborhood cats partake.
ITS A GOD DANGED BOBCAT!!!
r/humansbeingbros
adorable
Good.
Awesome dude! 🙏
Thank you kind person!
I love this!
Are bobcats aggressive towards humans or more on the skittish side?
They like coffee, too. If you leave a mug outside and walk away, Mr. Bob will probably help himself.
It's so odd that social media caused a resurgence of that saccharine soap opera music.
And here I am trying everything to avoid sleeping in the wet patch.
fcking Disney Princess here
And gets fined, and eventually the local government takes over his house for wasting water during a “water ban”*
That tail flick at the end.
☺
Hi, I live in Anthem 45 minute north of Phoenix  AZ 

We’ve had some bears come down from the north, a lot of animals are because there’s simple no water up north anymore and the heat wave us defiantly not helping at all.
It’s these little acts of kindness that matter the most
Isn’t Arizona always a massive heatwave?
You just made your yard a precious watering hole.
To support this 

keep on Buying stuff made with Palmoil. This ensures Burning of native forrests to plant monocultures of Palm trees. this ensures rising of CO2 and good ol heating of the earth.

good luck children!
It’s all well and good up to the point it eats your poor poodle.
Good man
Beautiful.  Really love this
This right here is why we can still have a little faith in humanity.
good people do good things, period.
r/humansbeingbros
Awh. So sweet.
big ol bobcat
You’re the best of em all!!
Nice
Nice
That's a better love story than twilight
I appreciate people like this here! Just wow thank you so much for the kindness that you showed!!! If only more humans were like that.
Blep…blep…blep…blep!
It's a fucking bobcat!?!
‘Lemme get my camera!’
OH MAH GOD ITS A BOBCAT
I want to pet the bobcat he s cute
/r/hfy
r/humansbeingbros
Please either don’t or build a pond
We've all gotta live on this planet. Seems neighbourly to help the animal out.
Aww he so fursty. What a nice human you are!
R/humansbeingbros
r/hydrohomies
im sorry
I can't help but think of that video where that feline attacked a man and his wife and they feared rabies
Poor bobcat, but glad he had a drink 💕💕
lick lick lick!
Lmao how stupid are people? It’s literally running when the cat is drinking and has a puddle that has plenty more than he can drink? Conserve water sheesh
I always thought you can see people's character by the way they treat nature.
Thank you
/r/hydrohomies
Ooohhh you're just the best bruhh
Brooo god bless you
Big meow.
People like you give me some hope within humanity. ^_^
Now that’s a guy with a kind heart.
Bro can you imagine all those poor animals that don't get that. God bless you how amazing you are.
He’s a hero.
Seeing this really moved me.  

Thank you to the kind human who helped this bobcat.
He should have gone out and scratched his belly
I hope he adopted it or found it a good home lol
In the state of California drinking from the hose may cause cancer.
Dont they say NOT to feed dangerous and or wild animals
Did you pet it?
I'm in Florida, and a couple of weeks ago had a bobcat stroll through my backyard. It was such a thrill to see an animal that magnificent in the wild. People knock Florida all the time, but we have beautiful wildlife.
As an Aussie where we experience drought 85% of the year, is it possible to have a water bowl for the fella?
you did such an amazing thing for the bobcat!
That’s so cute! I’m so glad I moved outta Arizona before the “heat waves” became any hotter than they already were about 5 years back lol. Good luck to you! Hopefully your AC doesn’t break like mine did when it was 115 degrees outside lol. I woke up from a nap, and realized my house was like 109 degrees… it was literally the worst fucking bullshit, and it was fucking SUNDAY, they charged such a ridiculous amount… AC repair in Arizona, should have Weekend rates… it should be ILLEGAL, to have broken AC as well, and if you can’t afford a fix it should be like, state funded to fix AC down there… I’ve wanted to come back and visit all my friends down there, but living in Oregon, and being an Oregon Native… well I hate heat. So I never wanted to go back, but now it’s getting stupid hot here now, so I might as well go visit all my friends lol
That cat ain’t leaving. Lucky guy.
Idk why people treat a bobcat like a tiger, their not maneaters, their the size of a golden lab and eat small animals. Frankly the only thing I'd say was done incorrect was he didn't call in animal control to safely remove it to a safe location, it'd probably hang around the water until they showed up considering it's daytime in a heat wave.
I dont know if Bobcats are dangerous or not because we dont have them in romania(I was never thought about them in school) but I'm sure that the person did a good thing by giving it water.Props to him
Good dude. 💕
Wholesome 💕
Absolutely adorable!!
Good kitty
This video inspired me to do a bobcat/lynx study session that ended at me trying to find a pixie Bob to adopt .
Who films themselves doing that? Wouldn't you just do it?
Thank you! 👏.  I have a little kiddie pool that I fill halfway for the  local critters.
In Southern California here and I refill a shallow tray of water daily for the wildlife.
Oh he’s beautiful…
So awsome
Wholesome
If you have a loud Chihuahua problem, the Bobcat can solve that as well..
This is so nice :((
Gotta chill.
That was a pro gamer move
If you give a bobcat a cookie…
Some of these places seeing massive climate change effects continue to vote for a Republican party with no interest in combating climate change.

It's like cutting your legs off and complaining you can't walk anymore.
Bobcat = hydrohomie
That cat didn’t bob at all. More like a lapcat.
If that bobcat is anything like my regular (“regular”) cat, it’s next move will be to go barf up all that water plus most of a can of Fancy Feast on the carpet I JUST GOT DONE CLEANING, SHARON.
Are tabby’s more closely related to feral cats?
That water was probably boiling when it came out 🤣
poor bobcat and the rest of the animals who will suffer
Poor dude
Thank you for being decent
Why did I read this like (Guy turns on his horse to help hungry bobcat)
Where is the music from again??
wel theres the new security system
*mlem*
I want it
Good to see people doing this. I put out extra dog bowls I bought especially for this purpose. Fill them up with water every night for the local wildlife and clean them out in the morning. We get all sorts of critters coming to have a drink of clean water and I know it helps especially in the summer when it’s so hot.
Came here cuz it was under “hot posts”
Awww that's so sweet. I bet that bobcat was real worried at first, then felt lucky as hell that there happened to be a random puddle.
how much do this guy have to lick the water to remove his thirstiness.
The soundtrack got me.
Pet it!!
Very nice.. Make sure to perform acts of kindness with the camera off too!
Yeah doods the heat out here in Colorado for like 4 days has been insufferable. Ironic part is that this will be the coolest summer I will have for the rest of my life.
Hey Little BuddY.
I needed this. Faith restored in humanity.
😘
Ice age music! I was wondering why I was feeling particularly touched.
I like the music because it reminds me how I should feel.
Can I pet it like please
Goddamn you must be part FN lol I would have did the same thing lol
Great video but always gotta add in the sappy ass music to go along with it lol
It's true.  Or at least it looks so.  That it never rains in FUCKING AFRICA. What kind of heatwave we talking about here?
r/humansbeingbros
He will be amazed what the water good gifted him
Thank YOU!!!
I like the ice age music
Ooof poor guy. Maybe install a little bird bath/fountain for the local wildlife.
That’s very kind
Pro tipp: if u have a garden, put out some bowls w water. Little animals and insects will thank u. Bless up 🙏
Imagine the relief that guy felt when he driunk that.
This is how you get adopted by a Bobcat
Bob is thirsty, give him some water
That's awesome!
That's how it starts. Now everyone's pets start disappearing.
We got drilled for over 100 here in the Midwest for 2 weeks, I can’t imagine that next week. I wish you luck and please help the animals <3
You wanna know how you get bobcats?
That’s how you get bobcats.
It was 115 here today. I feel so bad for the wildlife and plants.
Pog
It looks like they've already got an arrangement. Wouldn't be surprised if there are kittens nearby!
Please leave a big enough container of water outside for thirsty animals. 

To this wonderful human, thank you for helping this bobcat. 🙏🏼
r/peoplebeingbros
Cheers to the guy for helping him out 🤙 good man
Heroes walk among us.
Bless this man.
Aweeeeeeee hes so cute
[Bobcats](https://youtu.be/XCajJ6unAIY)
😂
Cute
The most basic shit ever is somehow now film worthy and shareable.
Reminds me that I should put water out for the birds tomorrow.
One heckin thirsty boi
I read the title as "Guy turns on his horse"... I deadass thought this mf sacrificed his horse to save a thirsty bobcat. FUCK ME
cute catto
So nice of you. It looks hot there and kittay appreciated it.
aww that's so nice
This is the way
Well done mate ...
The sad part?

It's only going to get hotter and hotter, year after year.
From now on its Bob’s cat :)
Well its not a very good snack if its dried out
Where is this?
So sweet
So many animals are dying of thirst this weekend. All across America not a lot of hero’s delivering water. Tanks and kiddie pools should be deployed. We caused this.
What's sucks is the hose cause cancer
Give it some raw chicken
Props to the human race!  There's hope for us yet...!
And that's how the cat was created
That is really a noble work, he did.
Ellie remembers.
Not all heroes wear capes… 😻
🥺🥺
Leave water out for all the animals. They will need it this summer
Living in the Netherlands 30c is already to hot here can't imagine 47c....
How'd you figure out his name is Bob?
I don't know shit... keep this up and they will protect the area.  Hell they might even eat your children for you.
So it  is you F\*\*\*Rs that is stealing all the heat.. its only like 17-21c where i lin in norway now.. would not mind borrowing +10c for you guys for the next two weeks..
Eat ‘Em Up, Eat ‘Em Up!
Thank you for caring
Omg I would freaked out lol, forgive my post if it's wrong,I am new. Hugs
Good guy!
So he turned it on with his *hand*.
Anyone know the name of the song playing in the background?
Now all of Africa knows that you have a water resource. Wilderbeasts and zebras have already started migrating, better keep it open now
The bobcat gets water, the human no longer has to worry about those pesky neighborhood kids trespassing on his lawn. Sounds like a win-win!
Beautiful animal. The guy who did this is definitely a good person.
I hate sleeping on the wet spot
I want to thank this guy for giving comfort and life sustaining water to this beautiful creature.
Cool.
The is me 💯. From a family of hunters and have friends that do (mostly deer).

But I'm just a total asshole hippie at heart
Love this
You Sir are a Saint!
aw he seems happy n chill i wish i cud live like that
I know I shouldn't but I wanna give it belly rubs
Meow meow kitty kitty pow pow
Gonna be 118 here in California. Brutal
so cute man
Bobcats are bros.
You should have put the leather gloves on, snuck up and pet it.
A very good point for this fellow!
Stop

You're turning me into a sobcat
Beautiful
Faith in humanity restored, at least for today. :-)
And that's how you get a (Bob)cat
Get one of those kiddy pools and fill it up once a day. We've some green space behind our house and do this during the summer.
This is how we got house cats
Everyone liked that.
That was soooo nice to help that hot kitty out!!!! 🥰
Its been a long time since I took a nap on a wet spot .
Class act.
❤
If we really want to help animals in general we have to start doing more against climate change and rewild nature.

Nonetheless the guy in the video did the right thing and I applaud him for his empathy.
cute bobcat
If you have done something right people won't know you have done anything at all.
What could possibly go wrong?
r/Humansbeingbros
Hope it does get scared of the water
Fix your leak!
These poor wild animals out in this heat. I’m in AZ btw, and I hope the state has programs in place to do something similar for the wild animals. They’re really all around us. When I lived in N Scottsdale it wasn’t uncommon to see coyotes on my runs.
Awww the bobcatty what a cutey
What a good person. Beautiful Bobcat.
Restoring my faith in humanity one awesome person at a time. Thank you for embodying "humankindness". :)
Thats so nice!
That guy was so much helpful have my helpful award.
What a nice yard cat.
Dude probably should have called the DNR or local forestry service after finding a bobcat in his yard.

There is probably some bigger problem with the animal other than the heatwave if it showed up in someone's yard and you definitely don't want it coming back
that bobcat is thin.. it might need some help
You're a good man, sir. Thank you for sharing. ❤️
r/HumansBeingBros
...and that was how "Guy's Bobcat Haven" bobcat sanctuary came into being.
This is so good
We are getting visitors left and right in Tucson Arizona right now because of the heat. I love the bobcat babies.
So glad he showed us how to turned on the hose, I wouldn’t have been able to figure it out otherwise.
omggg why is it so cuteee
“Thank you human”
Day 115: He is now in the house and sitting on the laptop.
What is that backing music and why is it so familiar, I cant place it and its driving me mad
Congratulations you just saved a big exotic cat how do you feel sir :)
That’s a lot of wasted water
ITS A BAWBCAT
You are a good human
Tired of have your powers eaten by a bobcat?  Befriend the bobcat!
This is climate change. Humans are killing wild animals.
Good bobcat
I dont think many people show respect to AZ heat…i’d call this a normal summer day not a heatwave
The definition of" It's the small things in life that make a big difference"
Beautiful 💞🐾 thank you for starting my day off knowing there are still some kind people out there 💖
I can imagine this little guy going home to post on his bobcat equivalent of reddit in r/glitchinthematrix or his church's study group "i was just laying there dying of thirst and then the ground began to weep
What's with the fucking music
anyone recognise the song? i think its disney or pixar, something like finding nemo or toy story but i cant pin it
Does anyone know what song that is playing in the background music?
Creating a watering hole for a wild predator in your backyard. Smart.
Are bobcats friends?
Coyotes were real bad where I am in Alabama 4 years ago.
We live in a growing town,and they cut down about 70 Acers for development behind my house.We would see 4-5 walking right down the street at night,and in November 3 were on my back road just hanging out while I was jogging at 9am.
They did clear out the Ferrell cat population though...
I'd love to see a Bobcat in my dream yard lol but unfortunately all I have is a balcony right now full of birds that are partying day and night it seems! 
I love animals, so to see someone turn on a hose to help an animal in need warms my not so trusting heart when it comes to people anymore. 
Thank you for giving me hope! 
Keep up the kindness and pass it on, just wish kindness and love were contagious!
"Looks like a Lion doesn't it?"

Sir, are you blind?
Scottsdale or North Phoenix area?  What part of the valley?
I mean that’s cool but there’s a reason there are laws against the use of hoses during heatwaves and droughts in a lot of places
Someone's mini schnauzer is going to wish you didn't.
I volunteer as tribute to pet it!!
My dumb ass read the title and thought he was going to *spray* the cat and I just couldn't miss out on the possibility of a pissed off bobcat
r/HumansBeingBros
It’s all good and fun until it attacks your cat and wife on the way out to the car, then you gotta throw a goddamn bobcat
Humanity owes it to nature to save animals after all the destruction we have caused through exploitation of natural resources
Big ol Bob cat
“And that’s another successful day of saving the b…obcats!”
Why do you call a lynx 'bobcat'? Do you call a lion 'Jimcat' and a Tiger 'Tonycat'?
Now go pet it
Aww I'd be given that kitty some stitches
How come he doesn’t go out and pat the bobcat?
Good job
r/humansbeingbros
r/humansbeingbros
You is good. You is kind. You is r/humanbeingbros
Congrats to this cat for finding his/her new human!
Man I love big cats like that.
So chill and mysterious, but you know they're mean cold blooded killers.

Cats are badass
modern bliss
Is this actually a bobcat? Tail looks a little too long. Deff not the type I see around here in northwestern CT
People like you give me hope for our species.  Just saying thanks!
He prefers Robertcat
Kitty.
Kitty!
This would’ve been a lot better without the cheesy music and voiceover. Bummer oh well.
Humans are good actually
Please what's the name of the song, of from which disney movie is it?
I don't even care about the video. I just keep replaying to figure out what movie that soundtrack came from. I know it's animated, thought it was How to train your Dragon, then thought it was Tarzan. Dude I sense the nostalgia in this music, where is it from!!
helping out the nature, god bless u
That was nice and the bobcat probably appreciated it. 😊
Thank you for being kind. I’m a wee bit jealous too.
Faith in humanity restored or at least with this guy. Marriage material if not already. You're a wonderful person.!
r/humansbeingbros?
It's been miserable here! 102 degrees still last night around 8pm..woke up this morning at 5:30 an it's already 86 outside. This is a great thing you did for that cat.
❤️
In Australia we are encouraged to leave out shallow water dishes in the hot summers so that native bees, birds and mammals can drink and keep cool. I’ve always done it and I hope it helps.
This video is terrific. It is worth remembering that there must be many other animals out there that also need water and perhaps shelter from the sun. It would be nice if others could also make water available for our wildlife so that they can survive.
r/HydroHomies
lmao I don't need the dramatic music
Back for more and to eat your dog!
I have my front yard grape vines on a drip system. One of the drip emitters is set over a 2-inch deep dish with some rocks in it (in case bees want a drink), and the dripper fills it up after some time. The overflow gets to the soil, and so it is no loss to me.

Birds like to hang out there, and local wandering cats drink from it.
Good way to get the bobcat to come back…. Lol
I feel good about the fact that I’d willingly go down there and help too, we fucked up animals natural habitats.. least we can do is help :)
Thirsty lil baby ❤️
There will be a time coming when we don't have any water left to share..
And in return bobcat eats his cat!!!!!
What a great guy he couldve been fearful, but he knew this animal need help and he was kind spirited and human
I died laughing when he said "and then it took a nap on a wet spot for like an hour"
Good man
Hap-py happy cat, just a happy happy hap-py cat!
I would seriously get one of those plastic kiddy pools and fill it up just so I could watch the bobcat play in it. Poor kitty.
Im in NYC , but how are you guys holding on with this Massive Heatwaves,  So Wholesome you opened up the valve 🥰
Kitty
That’s one cooooooooool cat
No act of kindness is ever wasted
Let him inside.  Once you feed them they'll never leave, it's like signing a lease with roommates you better like them.
r/HumansBeingBros
We are the first generation to feel the effect of climate change and the last generation who can do something about it.
Wholesome 100
You are a GREAT human for helping out that bobcat!
This makes me happy
Name of the song, please c:
I was fully expecting the guy to just hose down the cat, but then I saw this was posted on r/aww and knew I was in for a treat
I've been giving water, not food to the reptiles around my Arizona home year round. So I'm on your side and I doubt they will return to the house of random water leaks HaHa. https://youtu.be/T-ErgRPQIGE
Let him inside! Its hot :)
Bawbcat
Poor animals who depend on natural resources.
Beautiful, I love this man
Oh wow that really is a bobcat! I couldn't tell at first. So kind of the guy to help 😊
That would be a tough decision between keeping my limbs and wanting to rub the bobcats belly.
and thats how you get a pet bobcat
💞💗💞
I'll be back..
Poor thing. Habituation and all but poor thing. I live in high desert and I’ve been letting a raccoon drink water from a dog bowl at night.
Humans being bros
Nice guys finish last should’ve known better
thats awesome man! Love seeing humans step up to the plate to help these animals.
Kjz,*/&(-,=/"°
Jz
Thank you kind human!
Really thoughtful of you
Better keep Fluffy indoors for a month or two
That is a fantastic, awesome thing to do; I bet he was really happy to get a drink and cool off a bit. Those temp's out in the west are Brutal. I'll be in South Dakota in July and I am not looking forward to those day time temps. You're awesome!! Thanks for sharing this video!  :-)
I think it’s a pretty young one too.
Bobcat next day: where’s my hose mf?
here in saudi birds are falling from heat
I had a hummingbird fly into my house last month, I suspect looking for water since it’s been so hot, so I bought hummingbird feeders from Amazon and placed them around my house and garden, now I get two hummingbirds around my house around 10am almost every day

We have to take care of our animal friends
I hope this guy doesn't have pets
good man!
I feel like licking the water is a terrible technique to drink it
So how did you end up with a bobcat as a pet!
Happy❤️
A nice, cool wet spot to recuperate!
Made a snack out of your neighbor's kitten before it left town.
Great till he eats the neighbor's dog as a snack after his drink...
I want to fucking pet it
And this is why you have indoor only cats. During rough times like this wild animals often move closer and closer to civilization because we have easy to access food and water!
what a great guy!
does anyone want to be my girlfriend, please inbox
