[removed]
What a gorgeous dog and smart. One of the best things you could have taught your dog,  it could possibly save it’s life.
Such a good doggo
Smart baby!!
Everywhere the grass touches is our kingdom.

What about that asphalt-y place over there?

That’s the road, doggo. You must never go there.
He’s the best boy
What a well behaved doggo!
Am I the only one who thought that dude was Brock Lesnar for a second? 😂
looks like brock lesnar from the back
Is that dog dad Brock Lesnar
He went from good boy to rocket pup very quickly lol
Sweet pup
I am the dog - my ball it rolled

into the Street! must *STAY* am told 

I listen to my friend's command -

'Stay Out of Street!'  

I understand ^:@)

He keeps me safe where i belong,

(I wanna *please*, n do no wrong)

my human comes to get the ball,

as I await Best part of all -

as once again he toss my toy,

I hear him tell me 

I'm

GOOD BOY!

❤️
Thought this was Brock Lesnar for a moment
Sweet pup! Way to be a good dog!
🥺🥺 the most patient boy
Brock Lesnar trains a good dog
Doggo knows what happens if HOA sees him playing in the road.
Excellent zoom control cam guy
Is/Was there an electric fence? Just curious, neighbors have one and one of their dogs now lives as if he had the collar on at the property lines without the collar on.

&#x200B;

Either way, well trained!
u/stabbot is banned here, but has stabilized the video for you: https://gfycat.com/HauntingFamousAntlion

It took 30 seconds to process and 47 seconds to upload.
If I let my dog off the leash she finds the nearest road and plays in it.
That’s a really good boy 🐶
This is much more impactful the initially thought. With the owner drawing near most dogs would take that as a go ahead to grab the ball but they don’t. That little hand flick is the owner saying no to the dog. A good owner and a good dog!
Good boy
Dude looks like Brock Lesnar
Gooo boy!
Such a good boy
I thought that was brock lesnar for a minute
I didn't know Brock Lesner owned a golden retriever.
Invisible fence?
Now that's one GOOD BOY
That catch was pretty impressive as well. What a good boyo.
good human!

train you dog, and prioritize training skills that are meant to save their life, like this one
Daaad! My ball rolled into the street again! What a good doggo! Sitting there patiently waiting. Well trained.
Such a Goode boiiee!! How hard is it to train a dog to do smth like this? How long before you trust a puppy off his leash without them running away? Thinking about getting a kitten and a puppy
I see people wondering if they used an electric collar. I can say it's possible to train a dog to do this with out as my grandpa has.
Such a good boi
good doggo awww
The road is lava
What a good dog. How would one teach a boundary such as that?
Omg!

I thought my dog road safety; eheninly crosses on my command and I swear I thought I was the only one!

Such a good doggo
Such a dad gesture. Even though you're sitting and waiting obediently, they still do the "stay there" gesture.

Such a good boy!
What a good boi
Confirmed good boy
Good boy
That looks like good training, well done!
Thats a good boy
What a good boy
Now that's a very good boy
 Oh good boy
That's a good boy.
That’s a good boy!!!! I send belly rubs.
shock collars
Good boy
Very well trained dog!
That is a well trained dog!
"Hey man last time I went there I got shocked as fuck, why don't you get it, you prick"
Such a well-behaved dog!
Also when your pap is Brock Lesnar
Wow he is a very good boy.
Good dog.
That is a good boy!!!
oh wow...this doggo is deserving of the absolute best treats in the house, the best spot on the couch, and scritchy scratches til they fall asleep.  Wow....so good
"Fetch daddy. "
It's cute till you realize he was trained on an e-fence https://www.dogtra.com/products/e-fence
So the fence in yard electroshock therapy training works huh.

*tounge in cheek joke, relax ppl lol.
“No, no.. Take you’re time. I’ll wait”
well trained pup!! i used to train my horse to slow down whenever we were getting to a street too.
Such a good dog. Why is it that dogs understand better than kids?
Well trained and good behavior? How refreshing, to the top, please.
That’s such a good doggo take my award I hope you get some nice treats and belly rubs
Wow. Very well trained!! Well on the other hand, my husky 😂😂😂
Goodog!
Good dog and good human for training the baby to be safe.
Doggo made a new zero to 60 record when pops put the ball back in play.

What a great man-dog connection!
This dog is awesome very well behaved better than most kids and adults lol
Paps looks like Brock lesnar from the back
Safety Boi!
Great work on the Owner’s part for training, and Stellar performance by this Best Buddy Boy!
Well if that’s not the cutest thing I’ve ever seen, I don’t know what is.
What a good pup!
Did he catch the ball on the first bounce?
Great training. Applause to dog and owner
I am getting the meat sweats looking at that Daddyman.
Thats one good boi!!! 👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼
What a smart dog.  Great job training.
I swear, they do it on purpose...
Caught the crap outta that ball too. True best boy
So good!❤️
That is next level dog training
What a smart owner! Well done sir, keep that cutie safe 🥰
It's right there! 

There. 

Ready. For you to get it.
What a good dog!
Why don't most people train their dogs this well?
The best boy!
I wish my dog was that smart
Love it, more obedient than humans
I love it ❤️
This is the goodest boi
How do I train my puppy this lol
Is that Brock Lesnar’s doggo??
My GSD does the same thing in my alley. Only thing is, he makes a game out of it sometimes and kicks the ball in the alley on purpose and stares at me until I get it.
Good! Road bad, stay safe, doggo. <3
That’s amazing! Such a smart pupper!
For a moment I thought that this guy is Brock Lesnar
What a good dog!!
Street is lava
Salute 🙂
Reverse fetch
Yes, papa made me like this from day 1 else I might take care of my ball!
Intelligent dog-owner and well-trained dog.
My beagle could NEVER lmao
I love this ❤️
Damn that’s some good training
Good dog!
Aww such a good pup
Thought that was Brock Lesnar lol
Love
What a great dog owner!!!  Someone really loves their pet, cares about their safety and well-being, and put the time in to prove it.
Two top posts at the moment are about dogs. I love it.
Good dog! 🐶
How do you even train that behavior
Good dog
Good dog
Good girl
I trained my dog this way... but for the kitchen lol.
dam good training there. nice.
So Brock Lesnar trains dogs too?..
I must achieve that kind of self control!
My German Shepard is so close to this!! Great clip!!
Good to see the son from Orange County Choppers is doing well!
How cute
I want to know how to teach my dog this lol
He’s such a boy
r/MaliciousCompliance/
I bet this guy is a really good dad.
Good baby
good boi
That’s so cute 🥰 !! I love how he patiently wait for dad to come and throw the ball !
Nice
Good training and good doggo
This is in my neighborhood!
That’s a good dog . Love it
"youve been shittin on da lawn again"
Good dog
This is brilliant!
That is a good dog
Best boi ever
Brock lesnar and his best friend
My dog would just go on the pavement regardless
My black lab used to do this as well, except he would sit there and bark at it until we got it for him, then prance around with it for a while afterward to show us how proud he was.

I miss that dog so damned much.
The most downvoted comment on this thread in 3 hours will be some variant of "Brock Lesnar fetches ball for doggo".
I cant belive the waited to someone to gave him the ball
Jesus hold the camera still!
r/whatsrightwithyourdog
What a smart doggy!
What a good dog!!
Awww haha
How do you train a dog to be like this !!! My dogs would feign obedience and the second you’re not looking they would do whatever they wanted.
Good dog. Owner has got some major ILS though.
What a smart pup!
Now THAT….is a Grade A, certified Good Boy 👍🏻
Such a good boy!
Technically, who’s trained or are they both trained?
a dog owner’s dream
Wow what a good dog!! This is so satisfying.
Good dog
good boy
Guessing a golden doodle
Is that Brock Lesnar???
I thought this headline was about a celebrity on house arrest who had the paparazzi get his ball.
When I saw "paps" I thought that meant "paparazzi". Please specify next time
Good Boy .
Who dresses like that?
And that’s how they are supposed to be..
Dogs know boundaries very well.   A friend had a Doberman that absolutely hated rain but also was potty trained to only go on the grass in this one section of yard.  

So, during a downpour, puppers needs to go and the best she could do was remain under cover under the awning and stick her butt out over the edge of the grass and do her business.  

The whole time wincing as the overflowing gutter doused her hind quarters.    It was pathetic and adorable at the same time.
When I was a small child we adopted a huge black dog we named Bear. We lived in a tiny cabin in the middle of the Rockies with no neighbors anywhere close. If we went running down the drive way, Bear would wait until we were about 3 feet from the dirt road at the end and run in front of us to keep us out of the road. He also led our litter of puppies into the woods and came back without them. Luckily we did find them. I miss Bear.
Great Dog, has more discipline than most people I know
🥺 puppers sitting so patiently
I have 4 indoor cats that we let outside for about an hour each day and sit outside with them. Even though we have a reasonably large back yard, they all know where the boundaries are and are very good boys by not going beyond.
Goodness

UK here and PAPs usually is referring to Paparazzi.

And the EUFA football matches are here.

I thought some footballer had kicked the ball over the stadium and a photographer went and got it for him.

I am not disappointed I was wrong
Teach me master!
Now *that* is a ***good dog!***
Great dog training... my mutt lunges at cars when they go pass... its going to be a long year.
He knows if paps doesn't get the ball, he might get smeared.
I need karma can you guys help
Possible invisible fence.    But. Also
Could be a Really good dog.
Such a good boy. That’s awesome
Paps looks like Brock Lesnar
What a good boi!
I wish the local neighbourhood dogs were as well trained as this good dog.
My uncles dog was trained to walk to the edge of the pavement and to wait for his order to cross. Super well behaved. The problem was he went on holiday and left me in charge so the dog got to the end of the street and went absolutely no further. Couldn't tempt him across with treats or anything else. Ended up just having to walk him around the garden for two weeks until my uncle came home.
Good dog. Good hooman.
what an obedient boy!
Doodles are the best dogs
Must be nice.
As a dog owner, I can 100% confirm that the dog rolls the ball into the street on purpose all the time just to spite the owner. “Oh, I’m not allowed out there. Oh nooo, I’ve dropped the ball out there agaaaaain.”
What a well trained goodest doggo :)
How do you even train a dog to do this
I had a dog for 8 years,is the worst feeling when you lose it…
Ohmigoodness
Best behaved doggo
Good puppy! ❤️
goodest boi
that's fucking adorable
Good fluffy woof woof boy
He walks over to the dog and says “trust me pal you’re not that guy”
So obedient and cute!!
Good doggo!
O ye of the ass that is the dumbest, prithee turneth thy phone!
Reddit has made me want dogs and cats and I don’t like animals. Shit’s crazy
Too cute, what a good baby.
“Daaaaaaaddddd need baaaaaaaallll” 🥺
That’s the discipline.
Wish everyone took the time to raise a dog with manners.
Haha! Couple of legends guys🚀
Holy shit its Brock Lesnar! 😝
What a good boy🐶😁❤
I’ve taught my dog to sit and wait before crossing the street when we walk. How do you train a dog to simply not cross the street when they’re off leash?
Now that’s a good dog
My dog would do this but he eventually learned that purposefully letting his ball roll into the street was a good way to get people going for walks/me inside the house to come over and play with him
That haircut screams military or cop lol.
What a good doggy
Doggo while pops is coming: \*kalm\*

Doggo when pops got the ball: \*E X T R E M E  H A P P I N E S S\*
G O O D B O Y E
Can you come train my dogs next?
Aaw good boy..
Where the hell do you find a golden doodle like this? Mine only bows down to the invisible fence dogs
 What a good boy 🐾
Ooh, that's such a well-behaved dog.😍
Why cant 4 year old humans be this disciplined!!!???
Good dog
Smart dog
This is the best training ever well done mate, honestly that's amazing
He’s a good boy!
My puppy woulda taken that ball further down the road
Who's a good doggie
Good pupper
Ball ball ball ball, gimme ball
What a good doggy!
Good boy
We had a box who would do this. We lived on a hill and her ball would constantly roll down and to the other side of the road. My dog would just give turn around and give me the saddest look until I got her ball.
Dogs scared of getting an f5 or going to suplex city.
Those zooming skills tho
Well-trained dogs are the easily the best
It warms my heart to see such a well trained dog.
That’s a good dog! Awwwe!
It was just last year I finally taught my cat not to swerve at pedestrians while driving, and that lawnmowers are for grass, not flower beds.
How does one teach their dog to do this??
Thats a good smart boy. 👍
how do you do that???
What a good boy and thanks to his dad for training so well.
That’s a very good doggo.
Looking at my dog: Why can't you be like that Max?  Why?
More well behaved than my nephews lol
r/MaliciousCompliance
Good boy!
Look, Simba. Everything the light touches is our kingdom.
Whatta Good Boi!
Paps balls are the best balls
My dog would purposefully roll his ball down the driveway and make us go get it because he knew he wasn’t allowed on the street. He was really just making us play fetch.
Goodest of boys will be around a long time with safety training like that!  Extra pats for this one!
Sometimes I wonder if the dogs are the true masters....
That’s right! My dog waits on the sidewalk too.
What a good boi!!! 😍
That's heckin' impressive.  Good boy!
That looks like a labradoodle! 😀 My friend has a 5 year old female labradoodle. She loves to fetch the ball. She’s super coordinated and athletic! Again, she LOVES fetch the ball! 🎾😀
Ho
Poggers, great way to keep your dog safe :)
when you throw your ball in the road so paps will throw it for you (got his? hooman well trained)
This made me smile so much.  Dogs really DO behave better than.....I won't say it.
We trained our dog to not go further then the sidewalk. She gets it and stretches as far as she can to sniff the grass on the other side but stays on the sidewalk....lol
The bestest boi!!!
Road is Food
Good Doggo

...but have you noticed that those really good doggos will 'present' at a crosswalk and stand ever so prim and proper with all the other people waiting to cross, that they have sense of self-awareness where you genuinely think that they obey this rule not b/c they are good doggos, but that they have joined the human community.
Fake, electric fence
Guy looks like Lesnar.
Wait a minute he looks like Brock lesner
What a good dog
Smart move :D Smart Dogie 🐕
That is such a great thing to teach. His human gets the ball for him.
Ok this reminds me of a story of an English bulldog in the neighborhood I lived in in Brooklyn. He would hang out in the front yard during the day surrounded by a chain link fence. One day I saw his Kong toy had rolled out under a little gap the fence where the chain link didn't meet the side walk and he couldn't get the toy. He was standing there looking right at it, obviously wanted it so I grabbed it for him and tossed it back in for him. Lil bugger ran and grabbed the Kong and came and popped it right back out under the fence with his nose. Gamed me so hard.
*12 year old me waiting for my dad to come home so he can unplug and replug the router*
Awe
r/maliciouscompliance
That’s not just a good dog. 

THATS GOOD TRAINING.
Such a patient pupper!
Didn't know dogs were trained not to go Into the road is that a thing?
That's a good dog.
What a good heccin boy
Good Boy 🥰
What a GOOD BOY!!!!!!!! :D
The goodest of boys🥺
That's such a good boy
I can't even get my kids to do that.
so cuteee
Wish my current dog did this.

If she gets out without a lead on its chaos time. 

She runs around all the neighbours sniffing all her favourite bushes and trees in both sides of the street. Completely ignoring roads and cars. 

If I try and recover her she just runs faster. She no longer comes back for treats. 

She's a giant scardy cat though so she only ever goes a couple houses in each direction before returning to the house again. 

Still very annoying. 

I walk her over 3km twice a day when I pick up and drop off the kids from school.
Wanna squeeze doggie it like the squoz for my stonk
Doodle do what doodle does.
\~Electric fence\~
Reminds me of Brock Lesnar from behind
Brock Lesnar
Doggo saw episode 1 of The Boys and ain't taking no chances.
Such a good boy 🥺
The goodest boy
G O O D B O Y E
God dog
What a well trained lovebug
Lol, he still did the "stay there" hand motion. Dog was probably like "yeah no shi* Steve. Get the ball already."
Wish my kids were a fraction of how smart this good boy/girl is
That’s such a good thing to train to pets omg. 

My little Joey was very much not afraid of traffic.. savor your friends, everyone, give them some extra lovin’!
What a well trained pup! Kudos to the owners
honestly thought this was brock lesnar for a moment..
Slowly but surely, we're getting our cat to treat the kitchen the same way.
Who trained who here.
Invisible Fence?
"That's a good boy!" said the dog.
Well, we finally found the goodest boy/girl. Delete the internet now.
Growing up our neighbors had a lab that knew exactly where the property lines were and would NOT cross them. It was truly amazing. There were no electric fences or shock collars involved, this dog was just incredibly obedient.
Oh why a good boy!
Cute, smart, good listener, playful, and adorable!  This dogs got more skills than my ex!
Watch him get hit by a powerwheel lol
Looks like my pupper. He’s just as daft
I wish my dog listened like this 


I wish my dog listened.
All dog owners should be that responsible.

When I walk in a park and I get some crazy barfing and jumping dog in my face that's half the size of the owner and the owner says "He usually never does that", what do you think I think of that?
Aww puppy!!
Brock Lesnar looking well
Good boy!
We trained our dog to respect the curb by putting him back up on it every time he hopped off from the yard. That worked well until he found the loophole after getting walked on the leash. Whenever he went over to the neighbors yard he would use the crosswalk.
That is a wellll trained dog.
Invisible fence.
Mine does this too! He sometimes “accidentally” nudges it off the front balcony but knows he has to get permission to actually go down the stairs! Love dogs!
Underground electric boundaries are wonderful.
Bestest boi
I call upon the great and powerful 
u/savevdeo 
That's a good boy!
This man deserves this dog!!!👏🏼❤️👏🏼
Now how do we train teenage boys to do this? Had to stop one riding his bike into traffic last week.
Such a good doggo!
cute!
Good dog!
What a good boy!
What a heccin’ good boi!
That’s so sweet. And good that the dog knows not to run into the street.
Kind of looks like a poodle or golden doodle
Good pupper
That a golden-doodle?

Those dogs are extremely intelligent and respond well to training. My friend has one. Love it.
Is that Brock Lesnar?
Very good boy
The dog was like" the floor is lava"!
The goodest boy
That’s a good boy right there.
Smart pup!
PET HIM
The goodest boi
He’s waiting so patiently 🥺🥺
Good dog
Dogtooth delete scene lol
Brock Lesnar’s dog
That's a good boy, some people should learn from him
Humans will never experience the pure joy of that dog when that ball was thrown from the street.
My mom had a nursery for plants and my aunt stopped by. Ran over the dog everyone started screaming she put it in reverse, even more screaming. She then decided to park ON the dog. Dog lived, no broken bones. English bulldogs have horrible genes, but are built like a god dam brick.
Good boy
Good dog! Knows better than to run into the hot street!
That's impressive obedience.
That's the best pup
Such a good doggo!
That is so sweet 🤩
Why does he look like brock Lesnar from the back?
I remember watching my neighbor train his dog to not go in the street.  He smacked the shit out of that dog!  He never went in the street though...
I wouldn’t go either if my paps was Brock Lesnar
Good boy!
Invisible fences are great
Good boi/girl
That is a very good doggo and a very good owner. Safety first!
That’s some good training!
Holy fuck I wish my dog had this much discipline.
That’s a bestest boi if I ever saw one
At first I read it as “so you wait for the ball to come to you”.
Such a manly walk 

I'm feeling the toxic masculinity
Axle doesn’t listen for anything and the air is lava. Got him a kiddie pool but I’m the only one in it. Lol Virginia is lava!
What a good, polite/considerate pup!
My old boy does the same thing. Very nice!!
That dog was trained with a shock collar
This is self restraint! And very awesome. I wish my dogs growing up were this disciplined
BTW, this is one of the first things you should teach your dog. They should never step onto asphalt, whether they are on a leash or not, unless you give a command word like "Okay."
Good boy.
very best girl/boy
Such a good boy 😍
Good boy :)
My dog wouldn’t come into my room without permission. He’d stand at the door even when open and wait for me to invite him in. He wasn’t trained that way.
That is a well trained dog.
100% electric fence trained
Like my wife always says about our dogs, that’s a certified good boy right there.
My dog is like this. And I love that he is.
I’m so teaching my dog this
GOOD DOG!
Dogs probably have no idea why they can't go there, but just obey anyway
There might be one of those invisible fences.  My sister had one. It’s basically a buried line that signals the dog’s collar to give the dog a little shock.  (I tried it out on my hand.. it was enough to get my attention for sure, but nothing terrible)  

After a little while, the dog didn’t even need to be wearing the collar.  He just stopped at the line.
Wilson wants his ball back
Good boy!
Good boy
This is so cute. He's doing that for the dog's own protection!
How do you train that.  Amazing.
Ngl that guy looks like... the Chad.







If you know what I mean
Lol I wish. My dog is suicidal.
Oh my gosh!!! What a good doggy!
That’s a good boy
The goodest boy or girl
That is a good boi. Good doggo.
Dude looks like Brock Lesnar from behind
Good pup!
I thought that was Brock Lesner at first
Kudos to this dog owner
That’s an obedient doggie right there
3/4 Brock Lesnar has entered the game.
Always happy to see responsible dog owners taking the initiative to train their feline friends.
Isn't that the dude that yelled at the kid for being in his neighborhood? ,🤣
There's a person who cares.
I wonder if it is trained like that with nothing else or this is one of those electric fences to kept the dog in there
His name is Moonlight Graham. If he steps onto the pavement, he can never play ball again.
Live Long and Wag Tail :)
good boi
FINALLY! AN ALPHA DOG OWNER!
Good dog.
That’s a well trained good boy❤️
"if i get on the road, dad will F5 me off it"
Nah he’s trying to get the dad hit by the car
He sure has dad trained. Go fetch Human...
🥺🥺🥺🥺
Wow!  That’s some great training!
When your ball lands on the texan's property
Good papa!
Probably has an electric fence
That is one really good boy.
Such a good smart Golden!!! So sweet and smart!!
I don't know, I'm not normally this skeptical, but I think this dude set the ball on the road and used a trained stay command to keep the dog there. I can't imagine a young dog containing itself enough to STOP actively chasing a ball into the street and I feel the ball wouldn't naturally stop in this location on the street.
Good dog!
Ohhhhh so good!!
If that dog was trained without a shock collar then damn… That’s amazing
What a good boy!
Good dog
What a good pupper
What a good boi
Very good training.
Am I the only one that thinks the dude looks like Brock Lesnar? 😂
I wish I was better at training my puppy.
As someone who never had a dog, how do you go about teaching this to a dog?
Good boy!
What a good dog UwU
how do you teach that? shock collar?
At least he won’t get hit by a car!!! That is the worst thing ever to see!!!
What a good dog
How do they get so smart!
Brock Lesser is a lot smaller than I remember him.
What a good boy!!
Good boi
What a good boy! So well behaved!
Good boy!
That’s love
good boi
Now that's a doggie!
What a good pup!
The absolute goodest gentleman (or woman) :DDD
This is exactly how I imagine my dog will be when I get one eventually. Damn thats good training.
What a Best boy!!!
What a good boy.
Hot dad
R/maliciouscompliance
Ball is life.
Good dog.
That's a very good boy!!
Good dog. Best dog.
Good boy ❤️
Good dog! This is why training is so important.
The goodest boy of the day award goes to him
Good, good, good, good boy!

Or girl!
Yes... it's really hot.  Florida is always in the high 90s with 80% humidity, so we just get used to it.   Yeah,  I am so glad that global warming is a hoax.  I wonder how hot it will have to get before people begin to care. 

I am actually commenting to say GOOD BOY!  That is a handsome and well behaved companion!  GOOD DOG!
Meanwhile my dog would take a car to the face just for the lulz
Hi
If my dad were Brock Lesnar I wouldn't disobey either!
r/Dogtraining
Good paps…good boy!
Wow great dog
Such a good puppers to wait for daddy to get the ball safely!
What a gooood booooy😭😭😭
What a good boi!
He’s well-trained. The dog is a good boy too. 😁
Wow, I like this dog.
Oh you’re such a good boy.. yes you are… good boy!… here’s a treat!
Such a good dog!
Is that Brock Lesnar?
🤩
Goodest boy.
That dog is better behaved then most children!!
GOOD BOI
Good boy!
What good GOOD boys 🙂
Omg. Such a good boy.
Who's a good human?!
D'aww. Sweetheart ☺️
The bestest boi
Wow what a gud boi
How do you go about teaching that to a dog?
Or it's an electric fence
Reminds me, I should book a paps.
What a good doggo.
I wish my toddler had this level of self discipline.
Finally Brock Lesner doing something good with his life
Technically smart. I wouldn’t want to lose my dog to a car.
Bro, that’s good training, and dog seems happy. Good dog owner make me sleep well at night :)
Thats a very smart thing to teach a dog
I thought Brock Lesnar would have had a bigger dog
My neighbor’s dog does this, but it’s because of an electric fence
Good doggo
He's such a good boy
How u teach a dog to do this?
💯❤️👏👏👏
Ayo what the dawg doin
I did this as a kid
I’m tired and have a headache already and have watched this like three times in a row. It’s the jolt of adorable I sorely needed this morning!
This is my dogs command when I need him on grass
The bestest dog!
Such a smart cute pupper ❤️
Such a good pup. Mine is like this. Not sure what to do? Ask mommy or daddy or point.
[removed]
That's so cute
what an Idea
That’s a well behaved dog 🐶♥️🪅🤟
Wow he’s smart
What a good boy, doing as he is told
Bark Lesnar
Great training, hats off!
Good boy!
Good dog
Good DOG ‼️
When your dog is better trained than most people's kids... not that kids are playing outside anymore.
watch out
Yeah...but his master is a mini Brock Lesner.  He better listen.
