My husband proposed this way! Only problem was our cat has never worn a collar and was having no part of it. I couldn’t figure out why he was chasing him around the apartment freaking out and told him to leave the damn cat alone. Little did I know Milo was pawing at the collar trying to fling it off and my husband was scared the ring was going to come off and get lost. The cat wouldn’t stay with me long enough for me to notice the ring so my husband put him in the carrier and put it on my lap so he was contained.  Getting the ring off once I had noticed it was just as much of a chore.
This is how I proposed as well but with a puppy. It took forever for her to find the ring since she was so excited about the puppy I kept telling her I already named her if that’s okay and she just kept hugging the puppy without looking at the collar. Then she finally did and it started a whole new scene of excitement and emotions 10/10 would do it again but this is the only time!
I would like to think he proposed and the ring is on the collar of the kitten cause what better way to tie the knot than a kitten and ring combo.
This guy knows what he's doing.
[deleted]
[removed]
Trying the old "hold a kitten up while you confess to all the bad stuff you did" gambit. Works most of the time.
How do you think he measured the cat to make sure it fits her finger?
“Please accept this sacrifice as a symbol of my love”
That’s the vet giving her the bill!!
Lol that's how I did it :)
Will you be my crazy cat lady? Hahahaha
We have a winner here 🔥
Will you marry this kitten?
Sweetening the deal.  “Will you marry me?”  “Uhh, I dunno…”. Whips out kitten.  “How about NOW?”
I call my female cat my engagement present. I had to work the day we could take her home from the shelter. My (now) husband stopped by and brought me some lunch since where I work is close to the shelter. During lunch he was acting real twitchy and strange. He said he was just worried about having enough time to pick up the cat. It didn’t make sense, but I let it go as it was his first time adopting an animal and I thought he was just anxious. Turns out he went to buy my engagement ring prior to picking up the cat at the shelter. When we did our engagement photos we actually brought the cat along and took pictures of him proposing to my with her. We loved those pictures so much they became our save the dates.
She really said "POG"
This is the best purrrrrposal I’ve ever seen
Looks like he‘s trying to feed her the cat
Will you Meow-re me?
She really hit that man with a poggers
This is the only way I'm going to react like a normal person when getting posed to. Ring: oh yeah this is nice sure. Kitten: omg (shocked face) no way (ugly crying) yes yes a million times yes.
I will also accept an engagement puppy in lieu of the kitten.
"Don't make me a party to this." - kittah
[I did this!](https://i.imgur.com/WciIHs1.jpeg)

"Would you like to start this family with me?" :)
the pogger (2021)
This looks like Jack Johnson proposing to and older Pam from the Office.
Excuse me, I need to go tell my fiancé to propose again. Properly.
I proposed in bed, after a nice date I was going to do it in this nice restaurant but the food was not that good also I didn't want to put her on the spot so I ended up keeping it in my pocket, and I put the ring under my pillow and purposed while we were cuddling. It was nice
Are you allergic to cats? No. Well, you’re gonna be. - Lillian Kaushtupper
The only proper way to propose to a crazy cat person.
Hey this is at Animal Friends in Pittsburgh! Saw it on their Instagram.
this proposal took place at a really awesome shelter called Animal Friends in Pittsburgh, PA! it's one of the best shelters I've ever been to! I just thought they deserve the shout out!!
Can I say yes to the kitten and no to meowage?
We rescued our cat from the shelter. The guy who had to give him up got him to propose to his girlfriend. They told us that he had a bow around his neck with the ring to surprise her when she got home from work. Turns out she was extremely allergic! She said yes to the ring and no to the cat.
It's one thing to plan a romantic dinner..a weekend away and pop the question...but while adopting a kitten at a shelter totally off guard and wow a kitty and a ring ...= win win

..to propaws?
Will you meowry me?
My ex did this when he proposed to me. My new kitten had a ring tied to his collar.
Will you meowy me?
"Will mew marry me"
You had me at meow
I just hope he said “Will you meowy me”
That cat is way too young to be getting married
Oh hey that's a viking proposal. Instead of jewelry, vikings would offer their bride a kitten. I don't remember why a kitten, but that's not important.
Am I the only one who doesn't understand what is going on?
Will you MEOW-y me? 🥺
This is how my fiance proposed too, only it was with one of our dogs....who we'd had for several months.

Earlier that morning, my boyfriend made a comment in which he referred to me as his wife, and I teasingly corrected him that he hadn't yet asked, and I hadn't answered. About 15 mins later, he mutters, "I can't take it anymore..." and walks out of the room. I'm, of course, very confused....until he comes back carrying our dog, Azurah, and gets down on one knee.

Personally, I think it *is* the best way to propose, cuz who in their right mind is gonna say "no" to THAT CUTE WIDDLE FACE???? 🥰
I just got my partner a lambkin kitten (we needed something hypoallergenic) as an engagement present.  He LOVES cats but never had one of his very own. We just took her home yesterday.  Hes happy lol but I've been up hard the night watching her cause she's so tiny.
Cuute, reminds me of a scene from Taylor Swift's single ME! feat Brendon Urie. Taylor had the very same reaction when Brendon proposed to her with a lil kitty! I believe that cat is now her pet :)
Would probably get a "yes" from me. 💍 < 😺
It’s supposed to be one CARAT not one CAT! Sheesh!
This would be me but with a puppy 🐶 😍
This is going to be a great first picture in the wedding scrapbook.
Actually she's appalled because he said that if she didn't marry him he would strangle the kitten
"Remember, you're not marrying me...you're marrying this cute fluffy kitten...Don't look at me...look at the kitten...look at the kitten, Janice."
I love proposal pictures where the woman is *so* happy and surprised, she almost looks furious at the same time!
Here honey, put your finger in this...
So help me if he didn’t say, “Will you mewy me?”
Kinda cruel to the kitten though. I mean she's gonna have to wear her until they marry so...
 cute picture.  made me laugh
I hope the guy had a dog named Will so he could be like “now it’s just Will, you, marry, me”
Its purrpose!!!
Will you meowy me?
I usually never comment on stuff like this but without knowing them he seems like a good guy based on him concocting such a proposal. Good for them!
“Say ‘yes’ or the cat gets it”
Just figured out how the other half is going to make sure we get another fucking cat when the current two pass on
PURR-POSE
I did the same! We rescued a kitten, and I put the ring around its tail. She definitely wasn’t expecting it.
In her last book, Anne Lamott said that when her current husband proposed, she made a stipulation that she would marry him if they could get a kitten.  So they did.
“Will you meowrry me?”
Darling I think we should separate but here's a parting gift
Yes. This is the perfect way to propose. You get a pet and a hubby/wife
Does this work with 2 pound lizards
You can propose to me with a cat.  
I don't want an expensive engagement ring.
Say yes or  this kitten gets it.
She'll marry the cat, not you.
Fuck it, if I get married I'm proposing with a cat.
Engagement kitty!
This is how I did it, but with a guinea pig. The little bastard didn't want to sit still.
proposal pog
For me, it's the cat feet in the background that just brings the whole tableau together.
Will you be my kitty momma?
I would have said yes. I asked my husband to marry me, but I didn't get him a puppy.
Cat: You can purrt me down now sir
I thought he was breaking up with her and is giving her a ‘crazy old cat lady’ starter kit.
What a great pic. Dude looks totally in love and lady looks like she just won the lottery.
I love this
It’s a commitment kitten!
I don’t think this is a proposal. The Women looks like she’s at a PetsMart or an Animal shelter of some kind and The guy looks like he works there. Khaki shorts, casual polo/style shirt. Looks like he’s presenting her with a cat that maybe might’ve been an exact resemblance to a cat she may have lost some time ago. Hence the reaction on her face.

Gosh I gotta get outside more & touch some grass. 🥴
I don't think he proposed, I think he requested something really dirty related to what the cats called.
Will you kittens with me?
At this point a pet is more of a commitment than marriage
Going to need my husband to propose again.
Feels a little like bribery/extortion. This appears to be a shelter so the message is, “here’s something cute and fuzzy that you like. If you say yes, we’re going to take it home. If you say no, no kitten.”

I know he’s not saying it, but at the same time, he is.
She’s allergic
Every way is the correct way to propose
I'm such a cornball I'm actually crying!
Will you meowarry me?
r/lifeprotips: If your SO gives you a new pet, check the damn collar for an engagement ring
I had a female friend who was celebrating her birthday with a party; in the middle of all the celebrations, her boyfriend decides he wants to make an announcement, yep… he does, she was shocked, somewhat off put and said “I’m not ready”.

They broke up about two weeks later.
But it's kind of mean you can't decline
Awesome !!….
My son in law had dog / cat tags made up
For 5 pets , a dog and 4 cats , when he proposed to my daughter .
Will
You
Marry
Me 
Please
As he lifted every animal in her face - cute video
"Are you kitten me?!"
This made me smile
He did it
Magical. I think my Redditor brain exploded.
Her face says it all!
Oh man I would cry
Well a puppy but ok
I guess
So Adorable
He is not proposing. This is a special needs care giver introducing a emotional therapy cat to his client.  OP has a great imagination and decided to embellish to get more karma.
No that’s a horrible way to propose, when the animal dies it’s extra sad because it was a symbol of engagement.
"With this cat, I, thee wed.."

I'm hoping my punctuation was within reason. Little help if not, thanks.
You sure that's a proposal?

Those facial expressions kinda say

"hey... Wanna see me eat this kitten?"
The women is pogging
Nothing like a new chore and responsibility on top of a commitment.
Don’t do it, Janeane Garofalo!
Is this… Prince William??
"Marry me or the cat gets it!"
Maybe he is feeding it to her?
Is there a ring on the collar?
Purrpose!!
Is she more excited to get married or to get a new kitty
Or a puppy 🤷🏻‍♀️



...and a ring.
“Let’s eat it!” -That guy probably
Will you meowu me!!
So good and cutee 🐾💎
pog
“Will you meow-y me?” So cute 💯
"Will you marry my cat?"
i’m gonna do this in 10 years. mark my words
Hahahah 😂 based on her reaction, clearly the only correct way for her. Glad she’s ecstatic. Cute pic/moment.
Darling? Will you... feed my cat while I'm away?
Though for a sec that was woody harrelson
Lara, will you pet my cat?
“Will you meowwy me”
I thought the only way to propose was on the Jaws ride at Universal Studios.
Are you sure this isn’t just the vet telling her what the bill will be?
Support his little hind-leggies, would ya! :(
“ n this episode I’ll show you the quirks and features of proposing”
Will you eat this cat with me?
What’s the correct way to wear an engagement kitten?
made my day,she looks so happy  );
So I'm wondering: this is clearly a vet's waiting room or something similar. If this cat is part of the proposal how did he get her there without her finding out?
"OH, You dirty mf! Yes!" Her face lol
That’s cheating.
What if she said no
This is some Norman Rockwell shit.
Yeah
Purrpose
"Marry me or the kitten dies."
Oh god he didn’t say will you meowy me did he? DID HE?
Looks like he stepped on her feet
Hold on lemme get a alligator to propose
Twist: she's allergic to cats and it just never came up before.
Will you meow-ry me?
is this a proposal or did he just confess to cheating on her and is offering a kitten to forget about it
Would you marry or the kitty gets it
I'd marry anyone who would propose like that, including Kim Jong-un.
Like this cat, our love shall never die.
"Would you mewry me?"
“Will you meowwy me?”
Engagement kitty!
I feel like the kitten is the ring because
GF “Can we get a kitten?”
BF “No.”
GF “YOU DONT LOVE ME ANYMORE?!?!?!”
That’s why i think the kitten is the ring because he actually did it.
This!
"*Will you raise this cat with me?*"
Yo she’s pogging
Her face is the new pogchamp
“A Reddit Proposal.” Coming to theaters this summer.
lets meow for the rest of our lives
And that was when Diamond found her new furever home.
Is the ring inside the cat? That's dark man.
I'll take the kitten. As for you, I'll think on it.
In prison behind the glass in a one on one?
Unless they say no then you have a reminder.
It’s me and the cat or nothing at all!
The guys like, “you better make that face later tonight as well” 😂
So she married a cat?
When the cat dies, does the marriage die?
Pog face lol
I thought it was a gun at first and was legitimately scared for the lady
I pray my bf will use our fur baby to propose some day
Now she gotta wear a wedding kitty bracelet instead than a ring
SO CUTEBFHFJGNND
Yes!
I knew Janeane Garofalo would get propose to one day!
Isn't Woody Harrelson already married?
Man: "Open wide! Here comes the happy train!"

Her:  👁⭕👁
The best correct proposal is a successful one.
OMG!!!! Yes, the look on her face is so precious
Think about it, we are animals that can gift other animals to our animal friends just for attraction and love
Honey I'm gonna do off this  cats asshole and make you wear it on your finger so we can get tax benefits
I propose you should have a cat. This cat in particular.
I wish this would happen to me
If my next proposal isn't like this then he can go f*** himself just saying
Awwwwww!!
I see no powerpoint.  This is not a good proposal
Is that the female Wojack face
This reminds me of this video from a podcast that someone animated from Dear Hank and John. 


I love this so much


https://youtu.be/3r1ClKO48PE
Woody Harrelson does it right!
Pog Fiance
now THAT is a pog face
I show you mine you show me yours.
Her: Omg are you kitten me?
I didn't pay attention to the subreddit and just assumed this was a scene from a movie with Janeane Garofalo and Woody Harrelson.
Want to start a family? 🤣
Will you meowry me?
Her face almost seems to say "who are you?"
She irl pog-champing
You could say he certainly didn't pussyfoot around.
Congratulations !
Her hand is almost unfold
Wish I could hear it.
Yes yes yes I will 💞
Now that’s the way to do it guys!
Cat.
The cat made her say yes ;)
Will you meowry me?
I would marry that cat!
The enormous cat that lives behind the wall seems to support her decision.
*The only correct way to purrpose!
PURpose **
"Will you marry this cat?"
popular story that’s trading online on and off for years a dude put a wedding ring on top of a Mc chicken sandwich. https://www.whiskeyriff.com/2017/08/28/guy-goes-for-it-asks-girlfriend-to-marry-him-by-placing-ring-in-mcchicken/
Is that Prince William?
Flawless this way if the person likes cats they cant reject you.
Shes already curling that ring finger buddy ! Her happy face made my day . Congratulations guys !
Omg I LOVE IT!!
My man was taking NO chances
Pog
If she says no you have the kitten to remind you your whole life
u/iamnotnotarobot
Marry me meow!
Her expression is priceless lol. My thoughts are “NEVER in my dreams did I see this happening in real life.” Cheers to love y’all :)
If this isn’t how my boyfriend proposes I don’t want it 😂🙈
Out of context without the caption, i wouldn't be able to tell this was a proposal
I'm stealing it
Poggers
Wouldn’t that be too heavy to wear on your finger 24/7?
“I found something for you to eat.  Open your mouth.”
Be my cat's momma!
She's like "POGGERS"
that cat is so cute omg
Damn right!
He is a king bro
I'm the dentist's waiting room
It's dangerous to go alone...!
Omg he temporarily broke her brain. Like a flashbang of dopamine.
What should we call him?
How about...
*gets on knee*
Will you marry me?
*inaudible gasp*
“Say yes or the cat gets it”
so unfortunately i have to return this kitten… unless…
I just keep seeing the hen, can't think of her name, from a foghorn leghorn episode...
"Yeah-ess! Im gonna git me a may-an!"😂
I can’t tell if she’s excited, or about to punch him in the face for taking her cat.
Prenup with the cat
If the kitten dies they get a divorce
“Will you meowwy me?”
Correct. Only way 😍
Purroposal
This is a pro tip to us men!  

 *** Taking notes!***
Smart move, proposing with a new kitten. If she accepts she gets a cat bonus - if she rejects, she'll have to deal with the guilt of what happens to the cat.
\-Will you cat me?

\-Meaw
Will you ‘meowrry’ me?
I think a puppy would be better 🐶 (in addition to the kitten ofc)
“Susan, I’ve found someone else. I didn’t mean to. I wasn’t looking; it just happened. But don’t think for a minute that I don’t care for you… I want you to meet Rina..”

“Ooooooooooh a kitten!!!”


“… my child-bride”
Will you kitty me?
Let this cat be like a symbol of our love for each other. Dead in 13 years.
Will you meow-rry me?
"You might say no to me, but would you say no to such a cute kitten?!"

/s
That face is some hard pogChamp energy
This looks fake!!
Pog
she rlly just poged
He said he'll marry this cat.
"Here comes the plane..."
Will you meowwy me?
Now that's a dirty trick if I've ever seen one.
I want this 🥰💜
I swear to God if that's not Jason Statham proposing to Jeneane Garofalo
This is adorable, but she reminds me of the pog face
Yo why my homie electroboom proposing with a cat
Hey! That's cheating.
Will you meew me? Cats:Meew (Said YES!) Hooman: Shook!!!
At first I thought she accidentally sat on the other kitten.
The old Pro-pose with Pro-paws technique.
I don't like cats, but that cat has probably got some reservations about the whole scenario. And can you imagine if the cat flipped it's pyscho switch at the moment it was near her face?
Is it just me or does this kind of look like Pam halpert
And in the evening she is going to do that exact face ,,,😉
Purrpose
Only if the animal isn't a bought one. Adopt dont shop!
Pog
By murdering a cat in front of a stranger?  This seems ideal.  Cats are awful little miscreants
Poggers... As the kids say
You’ve had that in your trousers all day?
Pogchamp proposal
If you zoom in on her face in the op photo, you’ll laugh.
This guys profile looks like Anthony Rizzo kind of.
If she says no can I eat the cat?
Right below this post is a duolingo thing saying "I got divorced in July"
Pog face
Joey and his smelly cat
Just new Pogchamp.
Visiting time?
If I say "he's holding her kitty, and her mouth is wide open", will I get flagged for inappropriate language?
Obviously any building where the cinder block walls are painted with such fine colors is the correct place to creates once in a lifetime memories.
Poggers.
Her expression is everything.
Wait… this isn’t the waiting area at Shoney’s. I think you’ve been misinformed about the best place to propose.
Kind of looks like Doug DeMuro from the side but we know he doesn’t mess with cats.
The shock and surprise.
So cute!
"Will you marry me?"

Cat: "Awkward"
🥺🥺😢😢😢
Pog
[removed]
Woody Harrelson has always been wholesome
New pog emote anyone?
The marriage has a 50:50 chance, but the cat’s lifetime odds of sticking around are probably close to 100%.
“Will you spoil this cat with me”
Now thats one priceless photo!!!
Will you meowie me?
If you give me cat nap I will help you propose with the ring lol
That is the most beautiful engagement ring I have ever seen ❤️
"Purr-pose"
Glorious method
Not trying to reck anything here but does anybody else see the expression on the girls face looks like the Twitter pog champ emote?
I guess the real challenge now is for the relationship to out last the life of the cat.
Why does the picture look more like a kitten than a dog?
Imagine if she said no lol
Haha that face " after 7 years you don't know I'm allergic to cats!?"
YES
Got that right!
Lol I think I know these people. I work with them haha
Putting the ring in your food is a bit old now isn’t it? Wonder why he’s doing it
Ultimate move
A pawposal
Pog
Goals!
Awww i want someone propose me like this 😍
Damn im so happy for Janeane Garofalo. Couldn't have happened to a better person.
If you like it then you shoulda put a cat on it 🎶
She loves the way he handles the P**sy. lol
awww, I'd love this done with puppy or kitten
How is she gonna put that on her finger?

Ohhhhh I get it😏
I thought this was Janeane Garofalo and Christopher Meloni at first.
I'm not trusting. My mom always told me to never follow a man who wants to show me kittens.

Really, though, this is adorable.
the kitten is just like paimon:

backup food.

/j
I hope he said “Will you meowy me?”
Emotional blackmail at the highest order.
"Don't make me tear this cat apart like a loaf bread! Don't make me do it!"
I'd take a kitten over a ring any day.
Life can be good
"Say yes or the kitten gets it!"
Plot twist shes terrified of cats.
This chef christina from hells kitchen
Marry me or the kitten gets it
“Say yes, or the kitten gets it!”
I’m her gynos office ?
Jason statham when he proposed
“Look what a have done to your mother, Sara. She was undeserving of her human form. Come with me and she will remain unharmed.”
Only reasonable way to propose
Only reasonable way to propose ofc
She probably married the cat
Is that lady from Absolutely Fabulous?
She cant refuse, because of the implication.
Plot twist: it's the cat who is proposing. The hooman is just holding the ring for him.
Her face is priceless!
He’s actually just told her he’s going to eat that cat and make her watch.
Cat
Hello, I'm Dr. Matt Unfortunately your cat has a tumor and well need to start $20,000 of chemo and radiation
Fuck reddit is garbage.
Yes but is this an arrangement for his pleasure. Watch him girl. On a knee like that makes him closer to your purse.
I'm confused is she happy or mad?
Future Mr. And MRS. Cat lady
r/holdmytuna

r/holdmycatnip
So my now husband did something close to this. But not really.

So I had a feeling he was going to propose. Wasn’t sure when, how, or whatever. We talked about marriage and he already knew my answer. 

Well we lived in a area that flooded a lot. One day I came home from work during lunch on a Friday. He was working from home. I saw this kitty outside limping about. He was totally going to die. He couldn’t run away from me when I walked by. Just skin and bones. It had flooded recently and forecast to flood any day now. So I was like hey there’s a kitty outside basically dying. If I go downstairs and can catch him, can we keep him until he’s good enough to walk again? Thinking there’s no way he would take in a cat the weekend he was going to propose to me. So I go “catch” the kitty. He couldn’t run. Bring him upstairs. We feed him and put him in a box with a lot of towels. There’s no way he would be proposing and taking in a kitty. Well the following Sunday he proposed! Five years later we are married with 2 five year old kitties!
Cat background painting gives away a happy ending to this story
Was the kitty holding the ring? i like to think so
Please propose to me this way future husband, I'll love you forever
Hey twitch new Pog emote
if this doesn't end up on /r/photoshopbattles something is wrong with the universe
Gimme Cat i would even say yes to mark zuckerberg
Needs to be a dog
"Will you meowy me"
That's not a proposal, he said his penis was as big as the cat.
woman pog
[deleted]
She be like: POGCHAMP
pog
really a pet works !
She didn’t even need to lose the glasses and let her hair down to win in this romantic comedy moment.
Poggers
the woman is pogging
If at any point you find yourself tying the ring to a dog's collar, stop and look at yourself-Oscar Martinez
animals are not objects.
[removed]
At McDonald’s?
Matt LeBlanc
What are you doing with that food I mean cat
Janeane Garofalo looks so happy.
this but a dog. dude i don’t even have to know you i’d say yes
I thought Janine Garafalo was a lesbian
"Can we do anal tonight?"
Reminds me of The Office sitcom
Another way to propose, I guess, is showing the girl how much paper profit you have now for holding your AMC stock. LOL.
No. This is one of the few things you should listen to PETA about, animals ARE NOT good gifts!
In an abortion clinic?
Poggers!
He is not proposing. This is a special needs care giver introducing a emotional therapy cat to his client.  OP has a great imagination and decided to embellish to get more karma.
Fuck this.
Did anyone else think this was Janeane Garofalo ?
Yes
Yes
[removed]
She thick asffff
Judging by the reaction, she’s gonna have that same exact pose later too.
She has the male feminist (read predator in disguise) ledditor's mouth.

:o :O :0 ö Ö
Is this what folks do these days? Take pics of precious moments of other people's lives, just to enhance their own online presence?
Don’t buy a pet for someone who isn’t expecting it and prepared for it
If I was proposed to with a cat, I'd have to decline.
Dog or GTFO.
No, please don't, this is a terrible terrible way to propose.

Animals are not props or objects and there is SO much wrong with this.
Until you stumble upon a woman who dislikes cats.
This has got to be like cheating or something. Like an unethical life hack. What a Chad.
"Marry me and you get this kitten!"

"OMG!  Yes!"

This is f\*cking brilliant and a good way to ensure she says yes.
Is he in prison?
You proposed. I was told to get married 🤣

Japanese girl, pregnant, parents jada jada jada
Damn she’s not looking great
Man: "I offer you food"

Woman: "You give me food?  Dobby is FREEEEE"
I dare u girls to propose boys with PS5...they wont look at ur butt or face they I will accept u
they are left over women
[deleted]
Wrong sub?
lame
That woman looks like she already owns 5 cats.
She probably said no.All woment want cheap rings
Can’t say no to that. Cat.
Prince William really likes cats, apparently.
