Poor cat has started the game at max difficulty skipping the intro
I'm not saying that dog looks like a lion, I'm just saying that dog looks more like a lion than any other dog
Big dogs limiting the amount of power they exert when playing with weaker things - children, kittens, puppies, smaller animals - will always be one of my favourite things. This dog knows that even just pawing at this kitten would be too forceful so he refrains from even doing that.
I want all the kittens to play with that dog at the same time.
his paws!!
Anyone know the dog breed?
What a gentle boye!

But I understand why the kitten was kind of on edge. That dog's head was bigger than the whole kitten.

 Would you completely trust a friendly T-Rex?
Funny thing is I think that’s a puppy
Come on kitty where's the

#energy
Put a mane on him. Head looks like a lion.
Is lioness or dog?
Where his ears attt?
So sweet!

I must ask what breed that is! It looks like a lion!! PlEaSe tell me.
I love the look back to the camera person like "See, I'm playing gentle!"
Man, that's a nice looking dog.  Beyond being the obvious Good Boy, even.  This dog could have his own comic book.  About him.
Oh, surprise second kitten, and then surprise third kitten.
Did someone iron a Shar Pei?
Where's the dogs ears? Weird dog to have ears clipped
Aww poor kitten is terrified and doesn’t understand the big dog’s friendly body language.  It’s times like this that I wish we could explain to the cat that the dog is being friendly and playful.
hey, kit . . . you check me out again ?!

you know, i Really like you, fren!

i like to watch you walking by,

n i'm a BIG n GoOfY guy ^:@)

you *really* ^smol, but that's ok...

oh Gosh, I'd Really Love to play!!

...see ? I can lie on floor with you,

n do the things You like to do!

...*am sorry, dog, i kinda scare,*

*you look like Such a GIANT there!*

*am gonna play with frens like Me...*

...oh, 

ok, kit . . . 

&nbsp;

i'll let you be . . . 

💔
So sweet 😍
that looks like a human in a dog suit
The moment he derps at like :25 is the absolute BEST.
What kind of dog is that?
0:20 Resistance is futile! You will be sniffed!
Does he look like a lion to anyone else? Lol
What type of lion is that
I hope that dog's name is Falkor
That's a lion
He looks like a shaved lion
I’m guessing Great Dane and Shar Pei
This looks like a [Central Asian Shepherd puppy](https://www.google.com/search?q=central+asian+shepherd&tbm=isch&hl=en-US&chips=q:central+asian+shepherd,g_1:puppy:0VSy_AdZ2G0%3D&client=safari&prmd=isvn&sa=X&ved=2ahUKEwiEkriPpNTxAhWUsJ4KHQ98BqgQ4lYoAXoECAEQBg&biw=414&bih=715).

These dogs were originally bred as livestock guardians and their ears were cropped to keep them from being torn off. Sometimes as young as 3-5 days :( They are also used for dogfighting. 

I wanted to google to see if the ears are naturally that short but they’re not. They’re cropped stupid short and the tail is also docked. So whoever bred this dog, fuck them.
The bonus kitten siblings at the end has got me in the awwwwwsssss!!!!
I love how it’s best defense is flopping adorably for belly rubs.
That dog looks like it’s part lion. And not a small part.
Jesus that breed of dog is that? Looks like a lionesses
Is that dog Ron Perlman?
Edddwaaarrdd?
What breed is that doggo?
Pup looks half dog half lion
Sound would’ve been perfect.
Do you know who posted the original video so people could watch it with sound?
That dog looks like that taxidermied lion from someone who'd never seen a lion.
Aww such  a cute kitten..

Aww there's two now...

Wait there's three?!

That is not fair.
Yo dog looking like dinosaur compared to the cat
u/Amhara1 awwwwww its so cute! Is black jack like this with his kitty counter parts?
I was thinking part Shar Pei?
Very like that the first time I saw my friend's little girl.
what kind of dog is this? so cute.
This is the sweetest thing I’ve seen in a long time. I love how the pup looks up to make sure it’s ok. And just wants to have fun and play!!
I love that dog
I need a gentle polar bear lion dog now.
If I had to guess, the dog has at least some Mastiff in him, if not a pure bred variation of a Mastiff.

And yes, this is completely adorable. Mastiffs can be some of the most gentle giant dogs you'll ever meet.
I hope this gets popular <3
I love how the kitten starts off hunched up and defensive with his tail puffed out and ends up on his back showing his belly, ready to play.
Poor baby. 🥺 left all alone.
[deleted]
Poor little girl is scared!

And yes, before anyone comments, all cats are girls and all dogs are boys. Obviously.
Kitten "I'm big, big! See how big I am!"
Man I love big dogs and cats! Made my day!
Old boy got a nice fresh cut. Feelin froggy now
That is so sweet and cute
I bet it‘s 'cuz kitty looks like his toy panda.
"Our love languages are incompatible."
This might actually be the cutest thing I have seen in the last few months
That dog looks like a muppet, he's so cuuuute
Christ look at the meat hooks on that beast they're the size of his friend
That’s Snoop Lion in his true form
Aww scared kitten, doggo just wants to play.
Possibly Anatolian shepherd
Those floofs on the kitteh and pawsies on the woofer. Lubs.
Is there a way to earn money with watching cats and dogs videos?
the kitten trying to make himself bigger lol
i cant wait to have my own cat, i check my local cat shelter every week to see who comes and goes.
honestly can't figure out if that's a dog or a lion...
Look at the paws on that guy!!
HIS PAWS 😱
Did someone shave a Lion?
Omg, look at his paws, it looks like a lion
I enjoyed the bonus post-credit kitties.
At first I was like, “Oh shit there’s 2 kittens.” Then I was like, “Oh shit THERE’S THREE!”
This is my favorite video of the week! That dog is amazing! Thanks for sharing
Bfg
Bonus kitties at the end!!
Life is better with cats and dogs.
Is that a Shar Pei/Lab mix? Those ears are pretty distinct.
Dog got bored cuz dog.
Cute
Kitty is like no, noooo, I mean noooo, oh f it, and it flops belly up 🤣😍🐈‍⬛
Looks like the dog equivalent of Sylvester Stallone.
I was waiting for him to accidentally swat kitty across the room.
That's too cute.
SO happy to have that kitten, the sweetest thing I’ve seen all day! 💖
Doggo looks like tiger
That bear looks like a lion.
Shadow Of The Colossus!
Poor doggie. He just wants to play not destroy. :-(
What breed dog is this? A mix of two?
Bonus surprise kittens are the best kind of kittens!
Is that a dog or lion or a log?
I just imagine a loud booming voice “why are you so smol?  No matter, we play!!!”
Kitty tried the old "pet my belly and I'll mess you up" ploy!
God this is way too cute, the way he paws at her without touching her.
Holy paws 😍
The mitts on that thing!
Totes adorbs 😍
I love them both
That's the sweetest!
As much I know the kitten was probably scared shitless that poor big old boy looks so heartbroken the kitty won’t play with him :(.
Dogs are best 😭
I'm a little bit in love with your dog.
Awww he looks like such a great playmate!
AAAAAA THIS IS SO CUTE

in naturw the kitten would be dead tho
I like when the dog gets up, it moves it's head like "C'mon let's go!"
Whoever cropped that poor dog's ears and tail.. fuck them. Human vanity is hurting animals.
Pretty sure this dog is double jointed. This is the Michael Phelps of Dog.
That's a lion pretending to be a dog.
For a second I thought the dog was wearing a tie.
I can’t tell if he’s a puppy
This was great. I would pay to watch a daily live stream of them during work.
That dog has fingers.
Love how his size might be intimidating and instinctively he gets down on the kitten's level.
Hooman I wish to play with the small angry puppy
Can I come over
Your dog looks remarkably like a female lion.
You seem to have a biftost in your house
It looks like a badly taxidermied Lion..
Ma'am that's a god damn lion not a dog
If that dog had a mane it would look like a lion
I love how the kitten puffs up, and the dogs just like "no it's ok I love you"
cute!
What kind of dog is this?
That dog moves like a Disney World animatronic tiger. 

I love it.
R/savevideo
he some kind of lion, right
What kind of dog is that?  Anyone know?
That dog is part lioness.
This is so cute and the dog is being so gentle! I’ll be honest though, videos like this scare the cat loving shit out of me. I know that big dogs love their kitten companions but it makes me so nervous.
Is this gentle giant a dog, a lion, or a human?
What type of dog is this
Front paws look almost human
I thought that dog was a lion, but then he got up.
Why does that dog kind of look like a lion lol
The best part about the video was the fact that there were even more, unexpected kittens.
It always amazes me what brave idiots kittens are and how gentle so many dogs can be with all babies. That boofed out tail, lol. Ain't nobody scared of you, you little doofus. What a good puppers!
Everything’s a fluff balls but “gentle tail wag” gotta be gentle with this particular smol fluff
When the dog gets up it looks like the kitten triggered a dark souls boss.
What did we ever do to deserve dogs??? Omg so much love 😍😍
r/PoofCats
Super cute
That's a fucking lion my dude
Is that a dog or a lion
If we as humans could be so loving. Natural enemies my eye
What breed of dog is this?
That doggo looks like a lion!!
Is that dog wearing a necktie?
What dog breed? Its ears make it look like a lioness
I've never seen an animal that I think looks autistic before....!? No offense meant, this dog is beautiful and adorable. But.... Is autism limited to humans...? Something I've not considered until now!
It’s interesting to me that different species can learn each other’s communication methods.
That looks like a human in a dog suit.
Is that a lion?! I'm calling the police! /s
Think of it with kindness!
That kitten was in terror the whole time and went from "freeze" to "flight" except spending a few moments in whatever an inexperienced kitten could figure out about the *fighting* belly-up posture - which is an MMA guard with claws, not a signal of trust. My kittens spend about a half hour everyday practicing this kind of fighting with each other and I doubt that being good at it is innate. 

The dog simply had good intentions and derped through an encounter he didn't understand, as the kitten was nothing but a non-threatening curiosity. 

I would like to see them meet a dog like this. They are confident and well-socialized and I think they would immediately climb on his back and go to sleep.
Just so noble. Warms my heart.
That dogs face looks like Nina Tucker and her Dog
You coming at me bra?
So beautiful we humans should copy this behavior and make the world safer for all the Beasts and the Children of all ages
This is the sweetest thing I’ve seen all day. Love how the kitty goes from kinda scared to on their back. The big ol doggy side eye, “gonna mess with tiny one”.
That puppy looks like a lion
What kind of dog cross fucking lion is that thing? His paws are huge!
That dogs like “fuck I’m not a cool kid”
Where are his ears?
so adorbs, but screw all that. This myriad of pets mum wants to know how the floors stay so clean!
why does he look like a shaved lion?! Adorable nonetheless.
LOL
The dog fingers freak me out.
Wow what a good dog, an example to us all!
There’s two of them!

There’s three of them!!!
Man that looks like a dude in a dog suit.
What kinda dog is that? It looks so cute!
Oh my! Look at those feets! ❤️
Sid eye is strong in the beginning.
Thank you I needed this
What piece of shit did that to the dogs ears?
Ugh this is the exact life I want to live.
Those are the biggest paws I have ever seen on a dog. I can’t wrap my mind around the size of them
He looks so sad at the end. “Mom, they won’t play with me”!
"I call this my casual fierceness."
It’s amazing dogs know how to be tame and gentle towards things they know they could mess up
Lionesque
I just love how dogs seem to have this innate ability to understand their difference in scale compared to potential playmates and respond with so much gentleness.
That doggo is such a sweetie.
I wish my chihuahua was even 10% as gentle as this guy
If I was the kitten's size and a dog did that to me I'd shit myself.
Your dog deserves to live foreva. Canine and feline getting along. Beaut!
Anyone notice the rainbow on the floor? Added to the sweet scene.
Beautiful dog
If you put a lions mane on this dog it would look exactly like a lion
thing looks like a lion
That's adorable ❤️
Wow beautiful  dog
Sweet!!!
That rainbow though
The dog looked like a lion in some angles
Attack on titans kkkk
THAT RIGHT THERE IS SOME WHOLESOME SHIT
Your dog looks like a mountain lion and I LOVE HIM
Why does that dog have fingers?
Questions: 

Is that a lion?

Is it wearing a necktie? 

LOL!
Nooo, at the end he looks like he's given up... :'(
that dog looks like ron perlman
Is that doggo or lion??
Wanting to love an animal that wants nothing to do with you. I know the feeling.
Me trying to stealth pass a Hinox in BOTW.
The dog reminds me of a dark souls boss.
This dog has the nature of a lab somewhere in the mix. Stunning and so playful 😍
Cute 😻
♥️♥️♥️OH BOY A KITTEN OF MY VERY OWN I WILL CALL HIM GEORGE AND I WILL PET HIM AND HUG HIM AND HUG HIM AND PET HIM ON ACCOUNT THAT I LOVE HIM♥️♥️♥️
I love the Alabai breed! They are a gorgeous guardian breed from Russia/China areas. The males can get up to almost 200 pounds. They are fucking magnificent and one of the many dogs I dream of owning. They're my 3rd favorite after Cane Corso and Xoloitzcuintli.
Is that a dog or a lion ?
Beautiful doggo
Because of the paws the dog looks like a lion.
Bic boi
I love boofers that are good with cats
Someone go play with that dog! For gods sake look at how sad it looks when the camera turns back!!!!
That dog looks like it needs to be paying rent
so cute! that is a bright rainbow on the floor
"holy shit holy shit holy shit he's gonna eat me holy shit holy..."
That dog sort of looks like a lioness
What n the golden Shar Pei is that lol
That's not playing they're setting the hierarchy.
So beautiful!
My friend has a couple Central Asian Shepherds. Intense doggies with a job to do (they chase the bears off her property) but so sweet too. Definitely not just a pet.
Lioness* wants to play with kitten
cute
This made me say awwwwww.
Is that dog still a puppy?! His paws are huge!!
The kitten is terrified poor sweetie but it looks like he ended up wanting to play
I love his big paws!!!
Culture shock, they don't understand each other
Too cute!
This might be the cutest fucking thing I have ever seen.....
"I see whatchu plan to do there, hooman. But im not foolish enough to look like the bad guy on reddit, so im gonna act all playful with my archenemy"
Kitten trying to appear big lol
i didn’t know it was legal to have a polar bear as a pet
What’s with the ears?
We don't deserve dogs
Dog looking like a tiger.
Pup has no ears
Oh, poor kitty, so terrified.
Lol the walk over was to cute
Angels ❤️
the kitten is winning
Uy
The dog looks like a lion
A very beautiful situation you have going on there, OP
Bruh look at the size of his paws 👀
This is sort of like my kitten and my big dog. Only difference is my kitten is nicknamed “squirrely girly” because shes super hyper and kinda runs all across the house haha
What a sweet boy!
This is just beautiful.
OMG there’s two of them *sqee*
Giant looks like a puppy too!
Size of them paws!
666th comment muahaahaa
Dogs got so friendly, it causes problems xD
Omg his widdle face when the kittens played together instead of with him!! You can see he misses his litter mates! It's not easy being different. 😢
The way the dog moved is exactly how my four-month-old kitten moves when he's playing.
Is the cat rolling on its back and pawing at the dog a normal way for them to play? My puppy and cat act like this, but I can’t tell if the cat is actually playing. My puppy doesn’t know how big he is yet.
He looks like a Muppet
Nice rainbow on the floor
Someone draw this from the side
What kind of big dog is this???!!
Hello everyone
Happy ‘ol pupper
If there are more kitties, I’ll need to see them
you’ve all missed this interaction entirely. that cat is submitting and shitting it’s pants hoping it doesn’t get killed. enjoy, you fools.
Mans really out here looking like a polar bear
Thought it said Wasp at first and was "Yikes" expecting to see a huge wasp
This video kept getting progressively better with each new kitten
She's a good girl
The universal doggy i want to play pose at 00:27, i swear any single dog knows it
That cat is lucky that wasn't a pitbull.
That dog looks part lion
His ears... 🥺
Ha.. That pup looks like Ron Perlman
What happened to his ears?
Big pup is trying so hard to be gentle.
Reminds me of my mastiff. I was throwing treats for our tiny cat who was near him the other day and he didn’t even move. However, he’ll try and steal food off my plate while I’m actually holding it.
Did anyone else notice the eye-contact it was giving its owner? That's a very well disciplined dog, constantly checking that what it was doing was ok.
This dog speaks cat! He knows when kitty flips over it feels threatened, so it got low and small and sniffed, the way a big cat would show a kitten that it isn't going to smack it and they can snuggle. Then the dog let the kitten walk away when it got scared. Most dogs would get too excited and scare the kitty/piss it off.
Is this the breed from Full Metal Alchemist?
Wow what a great looking dog. He looks part dog part lion! What a gentle boy!
This dog looks like it's wearing the face of another dog
What type of cat is it?
That lioness sure acts a lot like a dog.
THERE WERE SEVERAL KITTENS THE WHOLE TIME?!?
I don’t know why, but this made me think of those Brutus and Pixie comics.
Put a lion's mane on that dog and it would scare the crap out of people.
If the dog isn't working as a guardian for livestock is it necessary to crop it's ears?
That dog looks like a man in a dog suit, still incredibly adorable.
This cat is trying to cat, but hasn't nailed all of it yet. But it knows the basics.
His paws are like dinner plates
Aw poor boy looks so sad when the kitten won’t play with him :(
He looks like a crossbreed between a golden retriever and a lion.
I relate to this dog.

Also, keep watching for a bonus kitten!
IZ OK SMOL FLOOF. I NOT EAT YOU.
This is system overload it's just so sweet and pure lol
Yo, that's a shaved Lion!
Omg what breed is that dog? It looks so soft and fluffy
Lovely
now i want one

cat or dog?

both
As someone who sympathizes with the dog but empathizes with the kitten... I'm laughing.
OMG that polar bear is adorable!
Boxing gloves for paws..
Is the puppers a golden, Great Pyrenees mix!
That poor kitten was shit scared.
If that isn't the friendliest pupper...
This is the cutest thing ever.
The dog is so nice to the kitten!
I love thems
Awww...he escapes...wait! There is another one that looks just like it...aawwWAIT! There is a third one there! Whaaa? Damn, video ended
I've seen a bigger dog at my friends house but that's just cute
My man looked like he was wearing a necktie when he got up.
oo boy
It's crazy how some dogs are so chill around small animals and other dogs would totally try to eat this cat.
Polar bear plays with kitten
Ha cat
Awwwwe, they just want to play and the kitten was scared off… the look on their face at the end is priceless! Thanks for sharing bud x
Reminds me of when I brought my second kitten home to my German shepherd. He was 120 pounds (very big for a shepherd) and a bit of a bully to the point where he intimidated *every* other dog there was a petition to ban him from the dog park. When I took him to my uncle’s  farm he would get off the leash and try to start a fight with the bull.  He was bred to be a K9 attack dog until he was disqualified from training for epilepsy - basically just a *very* dominant dog who tried to intimidate anything that moves. 

Meanwhile my brand new kitten was the runt of the litter, small enough to fit in the palm of my hand. 

After reading and getting a lot of advice, I knew it was going to be a long process to socialize the two of them together so I planned on about a month of gradual, supervised socializing. I decided to get them used to each other’s scent with a first meeting through a barrier, so I put the dog in the bedroom and set up one of those little gates in the doorway. All of my effort was focused on making sure the dog was under control, so I didn’t pay much attention to the kitten. 

Before I knew it she had hopped over the fence and walked right up to the dog, practically gave me a heart attack because he was big enough to fit her entirely in his mouth. He did his usual routine of barking and snarling trying to intimidate her and show his dominance, and she just walked up to him and bopped him on the nose without a hint of fear. It was like an instant change - he put his nose to the ground very submissively while she walked all over him smelling him, and that was it.

They had a good six years together until he passed away, every single day he’d have her nestled between his front paws licking her until she had a full mohawk. She got a little bit pudgy because she would blatantly walk up to his bowl and shove him aside while he was eating and steal his food - and he’d just submissively step back and wait until she was done
The pupper
Meanwhile my Yorkie is trying her hardest to sprint directly into my new kitten
That dog is gorgeous, looks like a lioness!
I think your dog is part lion.
It's Tintin's Snowy. A lot bigger though.
This was such a fucking hard day. Thank you for this. I need it.
Those 2 are buddy's for life now it won't be long you will find that kitten sleeping on top of that puppy
looks like a polar bear when they're shaved
Pudim
It looks like a person in a dog suit.
This is adorable, that puppy is so gentle!

Not to be a downer, but obviously be careful when pairing one of these big boys with a little animal. My 95lb Lab Pyrenees mix stomped on my 2-year-old 13lb cat while playing with him. Sirius ended up with a ruptured urethra and needs special food and meds for the rest of his life. Otherwise he is thankfully totally okay :)
Shit like this makes me wish I was a well looked after dog or cat instead of suffering suicidal thoughts and crying every fucking day
How cuuuute!
The other kittens are like “you chicken shit, look at em he’s a softy”
Their poor ears 😓
LOL even the dog is like, "OMG IT'S SO CUTE"
Such friendship
Nuclear power why fighting for!
Cats and dogs are in the wrong body's.
Bro why does this dog look like a lion to me
That is such beautiful looking dog, is it part mareema?
Hey, tgat certainly is the best playmate, great doggo ♡
This is so sweet! I needed this, thank you, OP!💖💖😘😘
Is this an Alabai pup? They get UGE
Is this breed without protruding ears?  Or are they just pressed back.
Where are the dog’s ears?
Is that a dog or a lion
The way his body moves, wow, he actually looks like a giant
Those kittens will play that piano someday.
Lol two out of league friends
so fresh and so clean
That dog looks like it just got home from a hard day at the office
That kitty started the game and then got just a little freaked out about how BIG that dog is.
How would that look gentle lol, when the cat was clearly freaking out, the dog just kept stepping forward and tryna step on cat’s tail and open the mouth as if he’s going to eat the cat.

Gentle to me is when you see someone is scared of you then you’d step backward and leave the animal alone.
Dog looks like a lioness...
My big ass doberman loved her some kitten. When they wandered away she would bring them back by gently chomping their head and carrying them back. Then she'd lick them until they were soaked.
So precious.  Thanks for sharing.
The dog from Full Metal Alchemist... 😄
loved this video.   The kitty actually puffed up as he backed up from huge dog.   great combo to watch.
That ain't no dog that's a lion
Well this melted my cold, black heart
This is freaking adorable ♥️
I love how when dogs find a smaller creature they want to play with and are smart enough to recognize they are fragile, the way they reach out there paws with their whole body and even their face is so careful: “Want to…. tooooouch \*but must do a smol gentle*”
Looks like a lion
The dog is all, Let's play! The kitten is all, Please don't eat me!
Awww, you can see him watching it out the corner of his eye first. :)
Sweet baby’s!!!!❤️❤️❤️
This is so dang heart-warming.
Adorable. I miss seeing dogs play like this. Is this a Sharpei/Lab mix? Maybe with some Lion thrown in for good measure? lol.
That looks like a lion dog my goodness!!!
Excuse me, but where does one obtain a polar bear of a dog?
I love how cats and dogs have some body language that is similar, and some that is unique to them.
The lionest looking dog I’ve ever seen
What a sweet dog, wanting to play!  I hope they're all besties by now ❤❤❤
Just imagine being a small cat like that and this bigass dude ten times your size comes up to you and gets all up in your business.

Sometimes I really wonder what it's like to be a small pet.
I could watch a stream of this for 5 hours.
Big guy stands up and kitten is like “what have I done? I’m about to die”. Big guy just wants to tussle.
The kitten was meaner to the other kitten than the dog was to the kitten. I can’t believe the kitten resisted the dog’s playfulness. Poor puppy
Cute, that little kitten was like "I submit!" Lol
I’d be terrified if I was that 🐈‍⬛
NOT THE PYR PAW! lolol  Sweet, sweet siblings
Reminds me so much of my central Asian shepherd! Such a great breed.
I have 2 Armenian Gampr that play like this with our cats. It's adorable
What a good good boy
That dog looks like it came out of full metal alchemistl
Why doggo not scared of how big and fierce I making myself!!! I is puffy and everything!
What kind of dog is this? It’s beautiful
Does anyone have this video without the audio deleted?
Cute
This is what my parents last dog would do with my cat, they would end up in a wrestling match, sometimes the cat would start it as well.
Cool af ❤️💐❤️💐🙏❤️🍾💐
I'll take three kittens and a large yellow dog, please.
Omg that’s so cute :3
Pixie and Brutus
How hard was it to tame a polar bear and keep it as a pet?
What a good boi
Where are that dogs ears?
I
Lying on his back, belly up, all pointy ends toward the dog, and thinking “i will fuck you up.”
she puffed up her fur to try to look tough.  LOL.
What dog is that?
That dog looks kinda old, good to see he's still got the spirits to play with the little baby
That dog's face looks a little bit like a tiger.
Holy shit, what *IS* that thing?? He looks like a de-maned lion!
I hope he didn't get scratched for real

For anyone who's ever held a kitten you know those claws are the sharpest things known to mankind
Poor doggo just wants to play with smol fuzzy.
My collie was a curious dog. Always gentle unless something legit attacked him. Well one day a cat came strolling by in our yard and my pupper came up to sniff and check it out. Well the cat didn't like it and scratched its nose. Shep went into full attack mode and picked that cat up and shook it like a rag doll. I swatted and yelled at him enough to let loose of the cat and it scurried away but sometimes cats and dogs don't mix.
Wow I love them.
Those paws are massive!!!
Damn! The human inhabitants of this domicile more than likely can never stay upset about anything for longer than a few minutes. I thought that was a lion.
So many sad parts to this, the dog looking fed up at the start, the kitten desperately trying to puff itself up to look big and dangerous and "don't eat me!", the dog again when he realises the kittens not going to play with him, kitten again trying to be big and hard, then finally dog looking over wondering why they won't play with him.  
Hopefully time will sort this all out and they'll get to know each other better.
So cute)
What kind of dog? So cute
Those paws are like fingers!
Is that a central asian Shepard? If so its gotta be a pup but will be a giant for sure!
There has never been animosity between animals and they live happily
I've learned that dogs and cats use different languages. My dog does *all* the "I'm friendly, play with me, lets have fun" moves. Bows, tail wag, lying down, sniffing, friendly noises. And yet the cat just sits there and looks blankly at him. It drives him bonkers!
❤️❤️❤️
What breed is this his feet are HUGE
Ed... ward...
Is that a golden retrieve and st bernard mix?
This is awesome, at my house the cats in charge
That pooch has obviously been around enough cats. Not only the way it plays, but also the constant blinky eyes
If you keep panning left, they have 5000 cats.
Staged. They knew it was being recorded
Why do so many videos not have noise now?
I loved the surprise twist at the end with more kitties!
I love dogs but my gut instinct is telling me not to trust this one with cats. Cute video tho
So we have the same breed of cat and she is 10 weeks old. Interesting how she acts the same way just skittish.
What breed is it?
He looks so sad when the kitten goes off to play with someone his size.
Aww and he has rainbow hitting his back. Such a sweetheart, big dogs are the best.
I love how this kitten is all poofed and boofed and then it's on its back like *oh hai!*  Good survival instincts.
This is the cutest thing I’ve seen all day
The rainbows are a nice touch
The kittens are multiplying!
I died a little more every time the kitten swiped it's paw at the dogs nose.. so cute!
That gentle giant looks like a lion cub.
Omgggggg too sweet 💗💗💗
Anyone know the breed of this great looking dog?
His paws are bigger than the kitten's entire head, lol
Me and my gf

(She's 3,1 and I'm 5,2)
Aww, I just went from happy to sad, poor guy just wants to play.
This may be cute to us, but the little guy was terrified lol; he absolutely thought that was it.
bimg old paws
The title is... misleading to say the least
I would have put that camera down and went and wrestled with that pup.
Dog: Hello friend, I wish to play.

Cat: *If I die this day, you are going with me.*
Wait until the kitten realizes it’s in the position of power. Like the people in the French Revolution
Kitten unleashes rainbow laser beams at 0:40
This is like Pixar’s KitBull but irl 🤣
Awee
Reminds me of kitbull but without the sad
They’re gonna be best friends.
His paws look like hands !
Aww he such a goodboy
Teve um momento que se o cachorro tivesse errado a pata o gato teria virado purê
🔥
It's comforting every time I see dogs go into their play stance.
God I want a cat to play with that dog so bad
