Yeah, mine, too. I worked from home long before COVID and they know once I say "Alright" or "See you guys M/W/F" or start using the "this meeting is wrapping up" voice, it's time for breakfast.
Polite dog waits patiently for meeting to end. Cat dont give a shit, haha!
Pavlov's zoom
Mine too-he knows when I take my headset off it's time to go out! Funny how they associate things.
Ha! My dog recognizes the sounds of a Zoom call and realizes that she will get pets to keep her from jumping up during the Zoom. Let's hope they don't get together and compare notes.
They pick up on all cues for love or doing things together. He’s a beauty
Smart doggy. My two recognise the kettle getting switched on in the later evening means their mum is coming home from work and they go nuts.
That's cute AF. I can't say the word "walk" without totally triggering my dog, so I would spell it out like, "hey babe, should we take the dog for a W-A-L-K?" But now my dog has associated those letters being spelled out with going for a walk! FML!
Once my work laptop closes, my dog knows it's his time to shine
I'm an over-the-road trucker. My dog has been on the truck with me since the day I got him. Over any other cue, he understands the voice cues that the GPS says. He can tell the difference between it saying to stay in the left lane versus 'in 1 mile, take exit XXX on the right'. He knows that means we're getting off the highway, and will be stopping soon.
Lol mine figured out the sounds of the Xbox turning on and off and now respond accordingly.
I love it! Who needs Pavlov's bell?
I work as a speech therapist and play a ‘Goodbye Song’ at the end of each of my virtual sessions. My Goldendoodle gets excited from the MOMENT it starts lol
Aww that's so cute! 

Please give your dog some scritches for us.
The cat doesn’t wait.
Mine is the opposite. The minute I get on a phone call she comes to me and starts licking. Not helpful!
That tail says your good boy is ready!
My dog realises voices coming out of the computer means my ability to tell him off has become extremely limited, so he can do whatever the hell he wants without getting in trouble
And bosses wonder why people don't want to come back to the office.

Those little snuggles are valuable.
For those who don’t know, this is just like the “Pavlov’s dog” experiment, in which Pavlov’s dog would salivate every time it heard a bell because it loved the taste of bells.
A couple years back I was playing Xbox for an hour  or so before bed each night, and as soon as I’d turn off my Xbox I would tell my dog that we’re going to bed.

It got to the point where he now associates me turning off my Xbox, at any time of day, to running into my room and going to bed
The cat left haha
Same except my Westie knows when im done gaming. I swear to god - when he heres me say “Aight dude,” to my teammates he zooms off the couch ready to play / go outside. they are incredible creatures.
Mine get excitable when I turn off the computer and work phone then go WILD when I start applying sunblock.
That reminds me of a similar video, only it's with a streamer ending their stream.

https://youtu.be/RaWLL9cOh8s?t=35
Mine too! They hear me say good bye and both dogs jump up!
When I was in a long distance relationship my dog knew when I said “goodnight I love you” during my nightly phone conversation with my GF that we were going for her nightly walk. It was super cute.
We used to use my PS4 to watch Netflix almost every single night (binging Criminal Minds until we saw every episode). When I powered off the system, it would make a distinctive sound, and my dogs would immediately get up from wherever they were lounging and go into their respective kennels for bedtime.

It was adorable.
My dog memorized the mouse clicks I made when shutting off a computer.
So freakin cute!!! Dogs are smarter than we give them credit for. My boyfriend's dog is mostly deaf now, but when she could hear I swear she knew when we were talking about her. Something about the tone of voice that they pick up on.
My dog is the same! I wfh for a call centre and as soon as I take my headset off, she jumps up thinking it’s time to play or walk! I feel bad if I’m only running to the bathroom or grabbing a drink because she gets so excited 😂
Too cute! When I close my laptop mine get excited because that means its time for a walk.
I misread the title and thought he likes the sound of calls starting (not ending), and that made perfect sense to me too because --  
1. Dogs are more social than I am  
2. I love seeing other people's pets on video calls, so I figure pets probably like that attention too. :)
I’m a tutor. While I was working from home my cats somehow figured out who my last student of the day was and immediately come to demand food as soon as I hang up with them
Still waiting for the patient doggo to get his pets!
Animals are very smart. Even my pet rats are aware of everything. They know after they play in the shower where the towel is and they jump for it. They know outside means danger but feel safe yet in my car and they even get excited when I'm on the right floor to my apt so they know where home is. They don't touch things I say no to and destroy things I let them be with.
Back when I used to play a lot of Xbox my dog learn to recognize the beep of the console shutting off and would always jump up ready to go for a walk
Goodog
Soooo cute!! 🥺
what a great dog!
To funny - so have my two dogs. They also recognize “wrapping up my day online” as it means dinner and undivided attention 🥰
Pavlov's Zoom tone?
AND your cat took off to avoid it
This happened with my dog and the sounds Animal Crossing made when I quit it during the first month of lockdown.
Today wasn’t the day you realized otherwise you wouldn’t be filming it
Pavlov has entered the chat
My dog does the exact same thing! When he hears me say “bye” he runs over and jumps on me
My dog recognizes the sound of me turning off my PlayStation and prepares to go to bed with me or thinks I'm going somewhere. Lol
funny, my dog has associated the sound of the xbox turning on with her NOT getting attention for a little while. 🤣

all jokes aside my dog is my world and she gets more attention than she wants.
My GF sees patients over Zoom. Privacy laws means she has to have the room to herself, doors shut. Our chihuahua corgi mix knows the inflection in her voice when she is about to end a session, and inmediately runs up to the door to wait for her. 
 
As soon as she comes out, its all hugs and kisses.
This is my favorite thing I’ve seen on here in months!!!! Good pupper
It’s cute how considerate he is! 😊
I love dogs ❤️🐕
Super cool
My dog stands behind me growling when I’m on the phone or meeting. She’s always been a super quiet dog. I think she fears for my mental health since she just hears me talking to the wall.
My dogs knows the Xbox shut down sound usually means they get to go to the garden or something else, so when they hear it they get super excited, and then we kinda have to go outside
Sigh.  Since working at home my dog insists on following me into the bathroom.  If I take a poop (I'm a guy) he lays down. As SOON as he hears the paper roll move, he gets up and leaves.  Generally he pesters me for a treat when I come out.  Quite bizarre.. dog is a student of human behavior.  I could go on all night lol
Awww. My meetings are all one hour and my dog starts growling and moaning at 57 minutes.
Dude pits bulls are like tofu, they take on the flavor of their owners
First time I watched through Doctor Who my dog not only learned the end credits them, but counting. Cause after the second episode I'd get up, stretch and smoke. So everytime I finished the second episode shed run in from wherever she was in the house ready for attention.
It’s called Pavolian conditioning! All species- dogs, cats, elephants, sharks and even us learn through association and consequences. It’s how their behavior is formed! In learning theory we have the antecedent: the action or experience that happens before a behavior is exhibited, then the behavior is expressed, and a consequence follows after. Behaviors and animals are reinforced once they experience a consequence and now form that association with the particular behavior. You can add or remove consequences to an animal’s environment to reinforce or extinguish behaviors. 

Currently, there are two ideologies within animal behavior, namely dog training: balance training and evidence-based training – the latter only used and endorsed by professionals with post graduate education and scientists. Evidence-based training consist of using access to fun things such as play attention and food to reinforce new and desirable behaviors, and removal of access to those items when an animal gets something wrong to let them know that they didn’t do the desired behavior correctly. Jean Donaldson is one of my favorite animal professionals with post graduate education who does a really great job of breaking the science down of learning theory. Also Susan Friedman and Bob Bailey.
My dog does the same thing when I say "I'll be right back".
This is common across all dogs! They notice when you pick up a phone, they notice when you put down a phone, they notice when you say a certain name. Love dogs
r/AccidentalPavlov
That's great. I have two who know once I finish my 830-9a call I'm going to feed them, call them good girls, scritches and outside to frolic.
My sisters dog runs to the front door when he hears the default iPhone ringtone because I call her every time I get to her house
Is his name Pavlov?
Aww my dog does the exact same thing!!!! She is so respectful and quiet as a mouse while I’m on calls though, it’s adorable. She receives ultimate pets after each and every call and it makes my days 1000% better
mine does this when i turn off my xbox lol
Oh my heart….
My cat has learned the voice of the IVR lady and recognizes that I will be clocking out of work and it’s cuddle time
Same happens to me. Doggo ears my headset turn off and she immediately goes to the door expecting to go for a walk.
Our pug knows when I close my laptop to end my day that it’s dinner time for him lol
Dogs know a lot more than we think.
Plot twist: dogs name is Pavlov.
Dogs are so smart! My dog associated me saying, “Oops,“ in the kitchen as food dropping on the ground, so he’d run and try to find the dropped food anytime anyone said oops anywhere.
That's a good puppy dog
That’s awesome! Smart dog!
Awww baby😍
Oh my gosh, I thought you were my friend Jen! You look just like her!!
You have been classically conditioned hahaha
Years ago my dog learned the combination of noises a PlayStation 4 makes before you shut it off. He would always stand up just like that.
<  🛡️  ⚖️  🛡️  >   🐾  ❤️   awwwww
{send}
As soon as I put my headset down my dog knows it's time to go outside lol
Goodog
That sound being the words goodbye.
My dog knew the sound of me turning off animal crossing because I played it throughout covid when we were closed. Noticed one day when I turned it off, and she got up before I did and stared at me. Too smart.
what a great dog!
YEP. as soon as my dog hears “bye” she knows what’s up lmao
Get headphones. Your team will appreciate it.

Take care of yourself.
Mine associates the "bye" or "thank you" and the sound of the headphones hitting the desk. They all get up and run to the door, like it's time to go outside now!
Yeah this isn't cute. Who is really being trained???
Omg!!!  This is adorable!!!
Reddit: hates tiktok
Also Reddit: consumes tiktok content
My pupper recognizes when I grab my backpack to leave in the morning and comes for scratches after I kiss my wife.  I love it!
My last dog was \*terrified\* of the phone for reasons I never figured out. The minute I picked up a call she would flee to my closet and hide behind the longest clothes for the entire conversation. She eventually recognized the cadence of my "wrap-up voice" (*mm-hmmm, okay, mm-hmm, love you, bye*) and even before I could hang up she would BURST out of the closet, so happy that the evil device was about to turn off.
Perceptive pit he is!
My dog loves hearing the sound of my Xbox beeping off
i see 2 dog
Bonsoir
When I was a toddler i knew the tone of my mother's voice when she was getting off the phone, and associated it with getting attention. Once, she was taking too long, so I hung up for her. I was helping.
My dog knows the specific double click I do on the "shutdown" shortcut on my computer. I know this because she will be dead asleep, hear two specific clicks, then **BOOM!!!***SHE'SUPANDWTFOUTSIDEOUTSIDEOUTSIDE***TREATOUTSIDETREATOUTSIDETREATOUTSIDE!!!**
Damn thats a good boy
My dog does this too! As soon as I wrap up the call, he tilts his head and comes running like I just came home from a long day away 😭
Mine definitely has learned this too. I think me saying “Bye” in the direction of my computer now prompts my digs.
I got a app on my phone called life 360 it allows you to add family members and any family member can view the others location at any time. You can also set notifications for when they arrive at certain places. 

My dog can be dead asleep and jump up all excited the moment the notification sound goes off.
Mine does this when I take my headset off.
When I unplug the charging cable from the laptop, my pup jumps up and wants to go out. When I first started working from home last year, she jumped up when I closed the laptop, but she doesn’t do that every single time now.
A dogs life is a good life.
I hear nothing and see nothing but I'll believe you anyway.
```Cute```
I’m the only one working from home. My brother’s dog knows not to bother me at all in the morning due to multiple meetings. But she knows when lunch time is because that’s when I feed her and if I don’t get up at exactly 12, she freaks out.

For some reason, she also knows when I’m done for the day even though that depends how busy I am at any day. My best guess is she understands my body language enough and she can tell when I go from work mode to relax mode even if I don’t get up from my desk straight away.
He needs a walk
So sweet 🥰
omg pet him please what a good boy
My fiance started streaming on twitch when the pandemic started. One of her point redemptions *was* giving the dogs a treat. 

The dogs quickly associated her going into the computer room with treats and started going absolutely nuts whenever she'd sit down at the computer whether she was streaming or not. 

She removed the redemption for a while but the dogs still go nuts.
Lmao! Mine does this when ever he hears me tell my squad “aight guys, I’m done for the night” he immediately gets up and waits by the door to go outside. Love this.
My pup does this when I turn off my Xbox, she'll hear the power down noise and get all excited 😂
"Mint, Dwight?"
My dogs can hear the discord sound of disconnecting from a channel from my headset and both of them mostly jump up from their beds awaiting me to walk them out .

Also me putting down my headset is a sure bringer of excitement.
So cute! Our dog does this with the sound of my husband getting off the Xbox.
My spaniel does this too - hears the word Bye and jumps up for fun times
gooooood dog!!!
Barks in pavlov
I know about Pavlov's dogs and the reaction so I set a different sound alarm for my lunch and at the end of work and they knew then that I was done
Hey Dwight, want an Altoid?
Pet. The. Damn. Dog
Plot twist: hes going after the cat
Mine hear me close the laptop and associate it with “time for a walk.”
My dog knows the sound of my Xbox turning off and knows that means it’s bed time or I’m about to leave for work
What kind of dog is that 🥺
They are a very smart species
zoomies
Pavlov's dogs: pandemic edition
It's the same thing at my parents house. When one of them is almost home they call and talk to the other.

When they are on their road they say "Love you, bye", and hang up, and all 5 of their dogs run to the front door to meet whoever just got home.
I like your pony tail. How do you make it move like that?
My dog knows when I'm ending a stream, and knows the pattern of me turning off a controller. Clever girl.
Pavlovs zoom call
This is the cutest thing ever! My dog perks up when I close my laptop
I've Pavlov'd my dog to the sound of my Xbox shutting down. He hears that little chime from anywhere in the house and next thing I have a little face inches from me wanting attention.
Yes!! My dog recognized the change in my tone of voice when I would end a class!
Mine knows when I say Goodbye on Discord and knows it's time for treats.
Oh my, I just want to cuddle that cuteness
My dog does the same with xbox shutting down or switch menu sounds
My dog has learnt this, everytime I say BYE on zoom he springs up for attention. They're so smart
what a teddy bear
Mine does the same!
Cute❤️
Ok your dog is both really well mannered and extremely intelligent it’s pretty impressive not gonna lie.
Haha! My 7mo old puppy knows: the mild click my phone makes when I turn off the screen,  the sound my xbox makes when I power it off, the various ways I sign off a video call when I'm finishing a lesson (teacher) and the way I often say "okay.." when I'm finishing something or about to do something else.
Modern day Pavlov!
Years ago, my parents' dogs learned the windows shutdown sound meant that it's time to go outside, as dad would always take them out to use the bathroom after turning off the computer. Clever pups!
So cute! 😍
Mine are this way when I take off my headset.
Beautiful dog.  Is it boy or girl
Ahaha so interesting, my dog is doing the same!!! He learned when my meetings are ending and just stands up and starts tail wagging
My dog will hear my husband turn his screen off and now associates that (very quiet) click with a walkies break. He could be chilling in another room and then suddenly gets ridiculously excited.
Such a gorgeous dog
Time for smoochies!
My dog did the same. Such clever doggos
Ugh. This is the person I hate in my zoom calls.
Good doggo, waits patiently for his time to get attention
My dogs the same with the sound of closing programs and reaching to turn monitor off.  He wakes up and runs to the door because he knows I always let him out after a long computer session.
With that kinda face, I'll give all the attention they need ♥️
My dogs figured out that my husband saying “gg” (literally, just the letters) meant he was done gaming for the time and would be coming out of his office momentarily. For such potato dogs they can be surprisingly smart sometimes
My dog knows the sound of my Xbox turning off, jumps up and runs to the door for P-A-R-K time
Holy crap lady, you have really pretty hair! As a balding male metalhead, whats your secret?
I'm looking casual talk and fun. Hit me on snap : stellahughe69
My cat is like this with my Xbox.
Mine gets excited when she hears my xbox turn off
My pittie does the same thing now and I was JUST telling someone about it before I saw this post.
Pavlovs zoom call
Yo our dogs have very similar fur patterns😍
Edit: I forgot to post the link to a vid I made of this other guys dog and mine, https://vm.tiktok.com/ZMd4LF4fP/
At some point my dog learned that it was no longer enough for me to put on pants for him to go outside. A mask was also part of the deal, and he wouldn't get excited until I came out of my room carrying a mask.
My dog will do the same when I’ll be in discord say “be right back” he knows that phrase to mean I am getting out of my chair so he starts doing the taps of happy
End zoom to gain zoomies.
...Pavlov...
I had a puppy that gnawed in my arm while I was presenting to 200 people.
i hoped they got pets after this
I like your pup.
Awww puddin
There was a time I got DoorDash so many times and had the call option that when I'd answer the phone with "Hello?" My dog would immediately look at the door and bark. Had to desensitize her to that so she wouldn't think someone was coming to the door every time I answered the phone
me every morning xD
Pits are super smart and want to please and be loved. Only assholes turn them mean
Awwwww
Whenever i take my headset off, my dog runs to my side and waits next to my chair for head pats 😂😂
My pup does the same thing!!! I always thought it was in my head lol
My dog does that with the Xbox turning off

>!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!< >!pop!<
https://youtube.com/shorts/x16dS93EUYY?feature=share
My dog too :)
Mine knows the word “chow”, As I seem to end my meetings that way. They let you know when you have a habit
My last foster recognized the sound of an Xbox shutting off and knew that it meant that it's bed time
Dogs are so smart it’s ridiculous! My dog doesn’t get up until he hears my alarm, but once that goes off it’s game over. Time to get up!
Every time I pause netflix my dog wakes up to see what's going on. I didn't know silence was an effective method of waking someone up before I got him.
cute af
Awww!!!!
My dog knows the sound the Playstation4 makes when I go to turn it off. Lol
My dog has learnt the sound of the Sat Nav announcing arrival at the destination and gets super excited.
Well my zoom classes goes for like 6hrs so my dog is now sleeps
So cute! I want to give him all the lovings!
Mine did this too! They would immediately run to the door and get ready to go outside.
Since working from home my dog has learned the the toilet flushing sound means we’re leaving the room.   She will not move if I stand up, pull up my pants or open the door.   But once the toilet flushes she bolts out the door.
My dog has learned the sound of my joining a Zoom meeting and immediately begs to go out.
I think my cats did this too! Except they learned the zoom start sound & decided that meant they needed to talk too 😑
My dog has learned that the notification sound on my phone probably indicates there's somebody coming to the house, as the Nest camera is set to alert. He then rushes to the front windows and barks incessantly. 

I now have to change the notification sound every 2-3 months.
“Hey Dwight, want an altoid?”
Mine does the same
Pavlov dog 😅
My dogs know the noises of the end of my TV shows and associate it with them being let outside, so they go bananas now when Masterchef finishes
Pavlovian response lol
My two get excited when they see me put my bra on.
My cat knows the sound of my husband’s headphones hitting the deck means his call is over so whatever he’s doing at the time he drops and runs over screaming to the office door.
Pavlov’s method in action
Yeah, my dogs always jump up, when I close my laptop :) also, when I start stretching and yawning, they'll do the same.
My dog associates me putting on my pants, with going for a ride.
There once was Pavlov's dogs. Now there's Zoom's dogs.
*Obligatory comment about how I would never have a pet inside the house*
My dog does the same when I lock my computer. She recognizes those specific keys being hit and runs into the room every single time.
My dog does the same and if I ever need her to go away I pretend to take a call and she leaves.
My dogs know when I take my glasses off that I’m heading to the kitchen.  I only wear them while I’m at my desk working on my computer.
I predict this will become a pattern of uploads in the upcoming week.
My old Girl who sadly passed in February used to know the sound of me turning off my PS4 and setting the controller/headset down. It was the “bedtime” sound and she knew we’d go outside and then head to the room for sleep. She was a good girl
Yup my dog knows the sound of the PlayStation menu/turning off sound. He looks at me every time like we’re about to do something.
Mine knows the sound of the Ps4 shutting off and reacts similarly lol
My dog has equated me opening my top dresser drawer with attention because I'd always grab a fresh pair of socks before getting ready to take him for a walk. They're smarter than we give them credit for.
Dose that mean so animal have some sort of awareness or consciousness?
Of- Sophiemcardi
I wonder how my dog will adjust when WFH ends for both me and my partner in September. He was used to us going to work everyday before COVID, but it’s been a long time.
Looks like kitty is in on the action too! Lol
Ayo Petey, what's up pup!?
My dog recognizes the start of a zoom meeting and #1 She slowly moves into frame and until she blocks the camera and freezes there until I give her a cookie  #2 She finds her loudest squeaky toy plays a clown opera until I give her a cookie
I love this
Both of mine come crashing down the hallway when they hear my chair slide away from my desk throughout the day. They know it means they’ll usually get at least a couple frisbee tosses or some tug-o-war while I’m taking a coffee break or need to stretch. Honestly I look forward to it just as much as they do.
Pavlovian response, Covid edition.
He’s a feller.
My dog has been doing the same thing since working from home.  After every call I get off she wants to go outside lol
Mine knows the sound of me putting my phone into aux mode .. immediately jumps up and grabs his ball lol we don’t deserve them
Adorable
My dog gets up and walks to the door when I take my headphones off because he knows we are going to leave the room
This is funny because at first I thought the cat's tail was a monster tentacle from Japanese Anime
My cat knows when I lean back slightly at the end of a round of gaming it’s attention time.
So cute… but it’s not too wild that other beings understand our “language”… I have been interested in the dog buttons that basically show that dogs know can use up to 50 words a day! They are More aware of our language than we understand! It’s similar to us learning a new language and then being completely immersed in it where we understand a few words here and there and then as time goes by you pick up body language, tones, etc… believe it or not Your Dog DOES understand you!
My dog did the opposite last year during my online zoom class. He’d hear the meeting start and run in from the living room to try and to make himself known. 

He does the same thing if he hears me on the phone. Will go from being completely knocked out to trying to shove his face in my phone and yawning so the person can hear he’s there. My mom always thanks him for his contribution to the conversation.
The intelligence of dogs is phenomenal. My dog is visually upset at the beginning credits of whatever show I'm watching at the time and is always excited when he hears the end credits. Applicable to many shows lol
😍
O my gosh my pittie learned when I'm saying good bye to my classes and he comes in the room stretching and yawning like he's been asleep for the whole day lol
We don't deserve dogs
Not only do I also have a pitty but as soon as he hears me say “have a great day, talk soon!” At my computer he immediately runs over shaking his rump for pets and attention. Somehow they just know.
Made my whole day
When I was teaching at home over Zoom my dog learned not only the sound of me ending the call, but also the time of my last class. Always knew when THAT Zoom call ended, it was time for a walk.
Haha my dog associates me turning around from my chair with giving them attention
My dog is very good at learning routines. One that he has picked up on is my MIL, who keeps treats in her purse for him, calls my wife, and then comes over about 5 minutes after she hangs up. So now when anyone makes a phone call, he gets *HYPED* because he thinks his grandma is about to come over with treats.
Sweetest scoopy crawl!
Yup, this is a thing in our house too.
my dog does this too!!!!
My cats know when 5:00pm is.
This is my life.
What a beauty
Such a polite boy you have. So cute.
Please reward OP with Pavlov Award.
Holy crap that is one cute pup!.  Such adorable spots!
My dog does the same. And knows the sound when I clock out means we get to go outside. Can’t tame that kind of excitement
Mine is all the way around. At the second I start a call, she runs from wherever she was and comes to ask for attention. She cries, she touches me with her paw. Once we didn't pet her when she requested and destroyed a toilet paper on the bed. Luckily she is not used to destroy things but it seems this time was too much for her
Are you Pavlova?
What a sweetie.
My time
Omg I follow her on TikTok now she on Reddit front page
Well I hope you give that good boy some attention
My cats are usually sleeping by me, and whenever I start a meeting, now they wake up, perk up, come over, and need to get up on my lap for attention. Thankfully my coworkers don't mind!

Also cute - my home office has a French door with rice paper covering the glass, so she can still see me turn off the light. Her dad picks her up from daycare about 30 minutes before I end my day. Every time: "Mama! ARE YOU DONE WORKING?"
ours has this same knowledge and lets us know by barking the fuck out of the house.
This dog is adorable xoxo ❤❤❤
Cat doesn't give a shit though
Hahaha awww that’s so cute!
My dog does this too with my Teams meetings!!!
Uh, so are you a Sayian?
Thank you for sharing! The two of you are most intune.
My dog know when I close league of legends that it's bed time and she will run into her kennel.
Isn’t he just the goodest boi
Awwww! Omg, sooooo cute!
My dog gets upset if I am still working on the computer after 5:30 PM. She comes into the office and barks and barks until I stopped working.
My dog would associate my headset coming off with attention. It got to the point where she'd sit there and watch me like a hawk until the very instant I reached for my headset and then instant zoomies.
yet the cat demands all the attention... see what i mean?
My brother and I are still trying to figure out what clues our dog in to it.  Whenever we're wrapping up on the phone, she knows.
Chance from *Homeward Bound*
sigh
My dog does that when I put the PS4 or PS5 to sleep, it's cute and heartbreaking at the same time.
Am single 57yrs old never been married nor any kids i gave my heart and soul And my life to one dum ass lady but all she did was take my kindness for my weakness k really love her jumped at the drop in the bucket are a dime well yall undstand  huh she never loved me at all sleep with every one else but me I was there for her fo thirty long rough yrs  now I wouldn't pee on her if she was on fire i waste my life on her  but now am all lone lonely have no one im very loyal faithful unique understanding passionate fun to be around funny like to know my ladies do's and don'ts like and dislikes how she is doing and feeling cuddling doing things together and sitting under the stars chatting enjoying the unique different images in the the sky  not the best looking guy are got lots of money but I got the best heart and soul a good guy for real i draw a durability check once a month am looking to roommate with someone that would like to  get some extra money each month I been homeless for nearly two yrs now am cannabis friendly can give about three fifty a month and a little more later in the month to  really in need of finding my soul mate and looking to find someone that would like a roommate and would like to get a little help in the  month I can pay some. Helpful funds in the month will ladies come get me
My dog has memorized the series of tones that my PS5 makes when i save my game, knowing that afterward i might be turning off the console so he gets excited.
Unplugging my headphones now means going for a walk.
that was heartwarming 😍
My Shar Pei does the same thing. When “Goodbyes” are said on the morning conference calls, she is like, “Its walk time now. I know it is.”
You should see my dog after the Xbox goes off
Your dog thinks that "bai evreewun" means "I have to go pet my dog now" 🥺
Super cute
My dog associates me taking my headset off with attention time. She will hear me take it off and come charging to the office.
That is literally pavlov’s dog!!!!
haha WOW, that is Hilarious.
That’s one smart puppy
Dog: that sound  is like when you shake my treats!
There was no sound in the video of the zoom call ending. Do you mean your closing salutations?
If either my girlfriend or I shut our laptops our cats lose their fucking minds because they know it’s dinner time.
Give him attention!!!!
Beautiful baby! 😍
Your dog is so damn cute!
learned behaviour
My cat waits by the office door while I get ready to work, and then naps in the chair beside me  for most of the day. He's only attempted to attend one meeting.
I live in a high rise condo and whenever a visitor or delivery driver comes, the front desk will call my phone before sending them up. So now my dog has associated the phone ringing with someone coming to the front door. So now my phone triggers a sprint to the front door and premature growling.
My dogs do this when they hear the sound of the lamp power button (whether on or off)!
The fool has Pavlov-ed himself
You monster! 😉 Now stop this video at once. He needs pets now!!
Both my dogs can tell the difference between me just typing and the distinct click the power button on my laptop makes. From a dead sleep on the couch next to me they'll get up when they hear it.
Mine has learned that as soon as I put my sandals on to automatically go to the door to go outside... even though most times i get up to just use the restroom.. or waits till I am in a meeting to start barking at the front window at usually a leaf blowing in the yard
# catsAreCunts
My cats knew when class was over and would come into the room everyday about ten minutes before the end. If I was not out of the chair by 235, the head butting began.
Same, my dog gets ready for affection whenever she hears either me or my mom saying "Bye!" to our computers.
Your doggo seems well behaved. Aren't you worried though that people in your Zoom meetings are going to miss what you're saying because they can't take their eyes off this cutie?
My dogs have associated the sound of cracking my knuckles with them going outside.  It doesn't matter what time of the day or night, they run to the back door every time I do it. 
One day it clicked for me, every morning I wake up and crack my knuckles and go let the dogs outside right away. They learned it from my morning routine.
Pavlovian
I see absolutely no down side to this 😍Adorable!
That's pavlovian
Lol. My dog know the sound the Xbox makes when it shuts off and does the same thing. :) 
Cute.
You have to give an altoid now
This is so cute
Mine are triggered by “ok. Thank you. Bye.” Then we all get up less sad because we are not in a meeting and we go outside and pee on things.
He associates it with, your attention isn't on that wall anymore.

It's like you were just programmed by the matrix and when it's finished, the zoom call end sound happens.
You are very beautiful!!!
And the hooman is alright as well 😜
The following story is inspired by true events: you should pet the damn dog
You do zoom calls in your bedroom? Mhmmm
Pavlovian Classical Conditioning
Good boi. Gets pets.
That’s so cute omg
Dogs are the best
My dog knows the words I use to get off Xbox. Also knows the sound of me locking my phone to get out of bed and even knows the sound the vibration of the Xbox controllers makes when you hold down the home button to turn it off. She knows it's time to go outside.
Mine has done so as well.  He also knows to stay out of the office if I’m wearing my headset unless I call for him.
such a good boii
My dog does too! She knows when I end a call or am about to, and I always hear her coming into the room.
My cat understands the motion of me taking off my headphones to mean she gets pets.
My dog looses his shit when I clock out. I'm on they keyboard all day, click clacking away.. doesn't matter, the moment he recognizes the 'melody' behind specific keystrokes to clock out..he's looking for his toy to hand to me, he's running in circles, he's barking.. smart ass pug
One of our dogs can tell when the end credits of a film are about to start and does the same thing haha.
One of my cats comes into the kitchen when he hears the faucet turn off after I'm finished dishes. He knows!!
Yup! My dog figured this out too and I thought it was cute at first, but now it drives me insane. It’s like pavlovs dog but for all the pets after all the work calls 🤣
Mine knows when I'm about to take a break once before I removed the headset I told Google to set an alarm and he stood up
It's the tail wag at the end for me
That would be me
Pavlovs conditioning ☺️
There's a gamer who's two dogs did this. He ended his fake stream and they both came running in on que. So funny. They are smarter then you think.
My Aussie responds to me saying "bye"... smart dog problems!
My dog has associated me taking off my headset with me possibly getting up and so the second I put it down he gets up and starts walking out of the office and stops and stares if I don't follow.
I love this! My Beagle used to accompany me through the night while freelancing, and he would always get up and stretch when I turned off my monitor because he knew it was time for us to haul our old asses up to bed.
Mine does the opposite. Whenever he hears other peoples voices he comes running and starts licking my leg.
Any time I say “okay thanks bye” or anything something something bye my dog now jumps up ready to go. It’s so adorable. But I’m back in the office now, and it breaks my heart.
You have a beautiful smile and your dog looks happy and healthy.
Mine walks in the room just before the call is about to end - he can tell before I even know!!
Same. I teach yoga from home and it only took my dog a few weeks to learn that when I say "namaste" class is over and she can come and play. Often the last thing my students see before logging off is me getting bowled over by a 70# American Bulldog.😀
Aww he is ready, he is so ready for the Pet
My dog knew the sound of my PS4 turning off, I think because it was such an audible beep. My PS4 was downstairs and every night I’d turn it off before even lifting a finger to get out of my chair and as soon as the beep went off he get up and head upstairs
ok. so i've never noticed that my dog does this but now it makes sense. the crazy thing is that i played this video aloud and she hopped up out of her sleep and was like "aight, my time."
My dog has learned the sound my Switch makes when I turn it off with the controller. Dogs be smart.
Welcome to Pavlov’s zoom meeting
My dogs do this with discord
10/10. Would pet!
That’s hilarious! Mine do the same with the sound that my Xbox makes when it powers off.
Lol my dog when the PlayStation makes the poweroff noise
You teached him to do that. It's a behavior described by Pavlov.
My dog understands saying 'goodbye' on the phone means he can ask for attention again. He also knows if we turn off the TV when it's dark it's bedtime. Dogs are so much smarter than we give them credit for
Dogs are so smart.....amazing
Such a cutie with patience. Oooh it's happening! Stay on the bed. Oooh i gotta stay for a little bit...
Mine knows the sound of me closing my AirPods case means I’m done with the meeting lol
my doggo does the same thing...she will tap the back of my chair, do a cute whimper, I look to my right dramatically, here ears pop up and she does a leg stretch, because she knows its walk time...Its the highlight of my day, and hers too
Folks....be patient.  To become a #SHIBAMILLIONAIRE takes time but is completely worth it humm ?!?

#SHIBAMILLIONAIRE 
#SHIBAFUTURE
YOU GO PET HIM RIGHT NOW
My dog can now legitimately figure out what call I’m on. I work essentially in 2 groups, and when I get on a Teams meeting with one group, she gets on my lap because she knows that team loves to see her on calls. When I’m in the other group, she hides under the bed because she knows it’s serious business. 

Dogs are so incredibly smart, I couldn’t possibly  love my little girl more
The dog is waiting, while the cat just doesnt give a fuck and wants the attention right nlw
LOL mine definitely know the sound of the laptop shutting means “mommy’s done let’s party!”
My pup actively harrasses me when I sit down at my computer. She wants me in the living room, watching TV, where she can sit next to me. She is frustratingly cute.
My corgi hears me tell everyone goodnight on division 2. Comes out immediately.
I’ve started waving bye on calls to avoid mine getting up. Now I’m one of those people.
Mine does the same when I say “goodnight” to my friends on discord.
U kinda cute doe
Pavlovian response - classical conditioning ✔️

Good doggo!
Very cute this reminds me of my animal pet
Mine too!
Pavlov’s dogs: 2020 edition
Awh! Mine has learned the sound of me putting my laptop away and knows its dinner time
I love this way too much!!
My dogs know when I have my computer bags in hand, it's time for a treat before the human leaves. They wait patiently at the top of the steps near my office at home. They know it's not ok to go down there so they've tested the waters and after leading them back up when trying to come down step by step, they know the top step is where they sit and wait patiently until I grab my stuff and head up to leave. Love those little shits.
My dog would wake up whenever I said hey Google while at work, because that's usually when I start my 15 minute break I'll set a timer. So when I say set a ti-she immediately gets up and goes to the door getting ready to go play
This isn't anything??
How sweet. Cool dog btw.
Your pup is so so cute also this is off topic but what company do you work from home for ? Just curious bec I am looking to work from home
My dog knows that I only change out of my PJs to take him for a walk most days due to working from home. God forbid I get dressed and DONT walk him immediately afterwards. It actually breaks my heart to see him disappointed like that so I just don’t do it.
Cute
Why is there an animal on that bed?
Scoot forward and lean.
My dog knows the sound of leaving the streaming video section of my ps4 (makes a string of bells sound) and associates that with I am done watching Netflix or Hulu or whatever and will be getting off my ass to pay attention to him. He will hop off his dog bed when he hears that.
Never seen a bigger green flag.
Damn you Pavlov
Funny, you don’t look like a Pavlov.
How cute! Our dog knows it’s bed time when a show goes to the end credits after dinner. It’s strange because it could be any show. He just walks himself to his room and stands there waiting for someone to give him his blanket and toy.
My dog is dead asleep on the couch until he hears the Xbox turn off and then he perks right up and wants to play
Hah! Did you do a few practice runs before this take? ... your doggy had that polite "we just did this three times but it still means I gets pets" look :-)

I love doggies. And owners whose doggies love them!
That is so cute!! He's adorable
The good kind of pavlovs dog. 🐶❤️
I saw your post on Tiktok a couple hours ago. Cute dog
Love this!
I can’t tell who is cuter, you or you puppy!
What an adorable pup -- love pitties. <3
Omg, my dog does this too!!!
I love this so much.
pavlovian conditioning at its finest
My dogs know when I’m getting off the computer. My gaming headphones click when I’m sliding the mouth piece back up and any time I do that they get all hyped up.

It reminds me that my dogs are more or less always waiting for me to give them attention.
🥺 I can barely handle this, what a cutie.
Awesome
My dog learned the click when I turn my phone screen off.
My dog too. When I wrap up the meeting. He puts his paws on me and wants me to pick him up.
"what's that box you keep talking into??? ok yay it's over. time for attention!"
I’m really high but this may be the cutest shit I’ve ever seen in my life
My dog has learned the combination of me hitting the windows + L keys. I must do it in the same cadence every time, because every time I do it he springs up to go on a walk.
Soooo adorable 🥰 they learn quick
That is one wrinkly boy! I love him!
I started noticing the same thing with my dog. Anytime i get off from playing games and hitting everyone with the "I'll holler at y'all tomorrow" he'd jump up from underneath my legs and start wagging his tail.
Is your name Pavlov
Yea my puppy did the same thing. Except it got to a time where zoom calls will constantly end and start again so my fiance and I now say "work finished" and that's when she gets excited
You are the pavlov of our day!?
Nice
Nice
I think it’s just that your own tail starts to flick in a certain way.
My dogs learned the same!  Basically, if I’m not talking, I’m not working!  So the want to be held or want to go outside….it’s hilarious.  Sometimes I talk out loud to myself so they think I’m on the phone.  Hahaha!!
This is the same for my dog with my Xbox. He knows the sound and knows it’s time to get up. He instantly jumps up, ready for a walk
I spent the past year doing a full time master’s degree from home, and usually have a morning class before I walk my dog. The moment I say “Thanks, bye!” my dog’s ears would perk up and he’d start wagging his tail - he knows it’s time for walkies.
I wanna VOMIT your puppy is so cute!!!!!
Better than cutting a hole in its mouth
So sweet! American Bulldog ?
Logoff’s Dog.
My dog does the same with the sound of the PS4 or my TV turning off 😂
What a smart doggy!
cldyeyesoterryfingcool
Our dog somehow knows when we’re close to our destination when driving. I’m sure he understands streets vs highways. He’ll jump on the passengers lap to make sure we don’t get out without him.
Hahaha. My dog does this when I say “alright guys, good night!” And leave discord.
Toooo cute 🐶❤️
The opposite happened to me. My cat would give 0 shits about my existence and then, as soon as he realises I'm in a meeting, it's time to scream, and shout, and let it all out 📢🎶
This just makes me giggle so much!
My dog learned the sound of my wife hopping off zoom calls. I’ll hear her scrambling to her feet outside the office and know the call is ending.
My dog does the same thing when I’m telling the boys I’m signing off Xbox for the night
This is so lovely 😊
My teacher’s dog was a step ahead, they knew when they heard variations of goodbye.
Wow must be nice
My dogs learned this for my Xbox 😅
Same
Tell your dog I said 'hi'.
My guinea pigs are the same! Haha
Or he knows goodbye
Not to be that guy but do you attend your meetings on speaker? Is that normal?
My dog knows the sound of my PS4 turning off. He used to get excited when I turned it off at night because that meant it was time to go out. (Past tense because the PS5 doesn’t make the same sound, he hasn’t learned it yet)
We should call this a, I don't know, Pavlovian response or something?
Oh zoom calls, they were the nice cherry on the cake of my highschool experience, a lovely time where the problem students could be muted and we got to show our favourite teachers all the cute pets we have :)
Meanwhile the cat is just showing its "Eye of Sauron" to the entire zoom call.
Same
My dog pays attention to the sound of my keyboard tray rolling in. She also knows when it's around 5 and starts prancing for evening play time.
My cats know the sound of my Xbox turning off means it's time for food at night before bed!
My boy does the same thing when I’m getting off call of duty. He’s knows when I say “alright boys I’m getting off” that means we’re going outside soon.
That’s pretty good! My dog sleeps next to me and knows the sound of my PS5 going to the main screen. Time to go outside!
My 4 dogs know the exact tone of my "thanks everyone" when I end a teams meeting and they all jump up at once and run to the door because they know they get to go for a quick run around the yard with me to shake off the meeting.
I dog learned the word defeat on overwatch. Whenever I lose a round I often step outside for a toke. He hears defeat and knows to nudge my arm and meet me at the door XD
That’s just like my dogs.  When I turn off the TV in my room they get excited because they think I’m going down for dinner and letting them out to do their business.
We have a Roomba that starts at our dog's lunch time every day.  He's learned to hit the button on top to turn it on manually.  We now keep the Roomba behind a closed door, otherwise it will start whenever Brutus feels hungry.
My dog has figured out based on the conversation tone when meetings are about to end… She comes looking for pets and love whenever a meeting ends. Sucks on days with back to back meetings. But it’s amazing how smart these creatures are!
I thought you had a tail for a second
My coworker, Gentille Girl (a beautiful black cat) does not care for end of zoom calls: she participates in them 😄
I've been working from home for the past 9 years.  My dog will wake up when he hears me close my laptop lid.
Dog nutter moment
Yep same here! When I say bye she immediately comes over for pets
I should get a puppy.
I work upstairs and keep my dogs downstairs for the most part (because they like to pee on everything new), and the moment I start getting up from my office chair I can hear them shuffling around getting ready to go outside.
Pavlovian conditioning in action.
That dog is a a unit and a very cute one.
Show us the kitty pls
My dog does this with the Xbox off sound. He’ll come running from the other room lol
Mine does the same thing when my laptop chimes when I remove my access card! They learn real quick!
I have remotely taught from home and my cat only ever came downstairs when it was around 3pm because I’d be done. Now I’m on summer break and he is back to hanging out with me downstairs all day 😂
Same here. He knows...
This is so lovely 😊
"Working from home"
Just don't return him to the shelter
Hello Pavlov 👋
Every night when I turn off my Xbox my dog gets up barks at me and goes to the back door. If I haven’t turned it off by about 11:30 he starts to pace and get ornery.  My dog has a bed time routine and keeps track of time better than I do.
My dog will wake up from a dead sleep and run over to me the second I take off my headphones when I’m done playing anything on my pc.
That was so SWEET!!!  Thank you.
Not really the sound it’s your behavior and speech pattern.
My dog never caught on to this but my cat definitely has. It’s very irritating
My dogs do this with the Xbox turning off 😅
My dog learned the sound of the Xbox turning off and knew it was time to go to bed lol.
Dogs are so precious lol
my tail started wagging with that smile too.
My dog associates the sound of my PS4 shutting down with going outside before bed and freaks out
Is that you, Pavlov?
Lol same. Whenever I say “talk to you guys later” she comes running
One of my cats is in my Zoom screen name because she rarely misses a meeting.
This is why working remote is objectively better. If I could turn to my dog after stressful interactions/meetings at work and take a few minutes to give him attention my days would be so much better for it.
I feed my dogs when I’m finished working. When they hear me flick off the lights at my desk to mob me.
For the love of fuck pet him!
smae. my dog does the same.
How adorable, didn’t hear the end sound tho, maybe the ‘thank you’ does it… either way, he better get some belly rubs!
Mine too! I sing Skinnamirink when I end my class with my preschoolers and it's my dog's cue it's okay to come in.
My dog learned the same thing!
Mine is the AirPod case closing! Now when I switch headphones I just have to put them on the desk
"Ah shit. Here we go again"
Maybe he sense the camera
Same, lol. My dog naps through zoom calls, but has one ear up for the end of the calls and the rolling back of my chair.
When I was teaching from home when my students started telling me goodbye my dog would always come running in because he knew I was about to be done
My cats totally know when I take the headset off, (around 10am, work 5-10) it’s time for breakfast, and they all jump down from where they’re hanging out or congregate on my drafting desk behind me. The dogs know too and know it’s time to go outside for potty/so cats can eat. Animals are so funny
Rrrroom?
Haha mine does the same for the sound my Xbox make when I turn it off.
I could learn that trick too;)
That’s adorable
Aw
Good doggie
Pavlov has entered the chat.
My dog associates hearing me put the remote control on the table with time to go outside...
My dog does this when I turn off the Xbox at night. She knows it’s time for one last outside.
If only my children learned such etiquette
My cat has learned what it sounds like when I start a call, and has learned it’s a good time to wolf down food without me stopping her (she needs to lose weight). Kinda proud of her intelligence though.
My dog is exactly the same way. 

She is a malinois, super smart and perceptive in some ways... quite dense in others.
My dogs do this to dogs are smart as hell
Ur so sad 😔
This. College from home. Everytime I close my laptop we’re *going to the park*. 😒
Wow what a polite adult dog
Mine do the same when I leave a discord call, or when I pick up my plate and coffee mug from my home office. He knows it's walk and play time!
My dogs know when I'm about to go into a meeting. It's how they know they want to go outside.
They are so smart. 

My terrier learned that my phone's notification for our external security cameras (the "boo, not cool!" from Rick and Morty) means his mom is home. Any time he hears it, he flips shit and runs to our side door by the driveway since that's where he always meets her when she gets home from work haha. 

I can play the notification sound while we're both in the room with him and he'll still go full attention mixed with confusion since his mom is already home...but the SOUND MEANS SHE'S HOME. GEAR UP!!
My husband's dog hears the "boop" of husband turning his headphones off and is BAMF at attn ready for a walk :)
Brilliant
Looks like someone is little upset with kitty and guess who isn't getting attention
My dog is the same when she hears me put my AirPods back in their case. To her it’s the sign that it’s time for walkies
Awww
Hahaha our dog would howl for treats and attention when she hears that my husband is ending his virtual call.
Omg. Same here.  Ours has a clock in her head.  She knows when it’s noon and time for a walk. She just starts whining.  Same with 5:00 ahe knows it’s the end of the day - she’s got an amazing internal clock.  And also when I take off my glasses which I need for the computer screen she thinks it’s time for a break/walk.  It’s crazy.
When I pick up my phone, my pup thinks it’s time to go outside.
Give doggy a hug from me! My 11 month does the same , tho my boss always catches it haha
Mine thinks the beginning of the call is the time for attention.
My dog has done the same thing!!
Awe
Omg, do you have a tail?
My dogs know the sound of the xbox turning off means its bed time!
She cute
This is so sweet. Both your dog making the connection, and you giving him a reason to.
Is it the sound after BRRRRRRRRR or just before BRRRRRRRRRRRRER
Beyond adorable♥️
Mine knows not to bug me when I’m working at my desk because that’s when I’m zoned in, but the second I move to working on the couch (aka when I’m doing something that’s easier or less of a priority) he’ll hop right up for pets and attention immediately
When my dog hears the laptop snap shut at night, she knows it’s time to go to bed!
Oh, puppy 🥺💕💕
So cute
My animals are the exact opposite. They hear me talking to people so they come over for pets. As soon as the cats see I'm on a call they know I sit back in my chair and not using the keyboard thing so it is also lap time.
My dog has learned the notification sound for Life360 when my wife gets home. She’ll get up from resting and get anxious and go to the door. Dogs are so smart  man
Congrats Pavlov!
And the cat doesn’t care because the cat doesn’t care (sammsies).
r/unxpectedpavlov
Holy crap mine does too! As soon as my headset leaves my head. When you work from home, every day is bring your dog to work day!
My heart is now dead… in the good way. Cute pupper
My parents sheltie hated whenever guests were leaving. She'd bark and spin in circles. She knew the sound of people getting ready to leave. As soon as they put their coats on she started whining.
Love it
My dogs know the sound of me closing the cover on my iPad, which means I'm done watching whatever and will give them attention or take them outside.
Obviously, your cat doesn't wait for the end and is all up in your business! 🤣😍🤣
My dog does the same when I take my headset off lol!
On a much more degenerate level…. My pup joins me on the balcony when I smoke a joint and will get up to go back inside as soon as I start butting it out lol
He wants belly rubs and treats lol
My dog goes crazy whenever I put a bra on cause I only do that when I go outside
We are all creatures of habit.
My dogs do this with the sound of the Xbox turning off.
My dog does the same thing when I jump off discord after gaming with friends.
Is that Violet?
My daughter does the same thing. lol!
My dog learned the sounds of the specific vibrations for the Xbox and PlayStation controller that meant I was shutting the console and knew it meant I would be taking him out. He's a smart cookie.
Better than my furry idiot who comes at the start and tries to knock me out of my chair the whole meeting
Mine recognizes the sound of my tv clicking off and immediately stands up and walks to the bedroom to go to sleep on his dog bed.
My cats know when the headset comes off it's their chance to.... Sit in the warm chair.
The ears say 'finally!'
My Golden knew the final Jeopardy theme and would dance by the door till it was over, because she knew we were going for a walk as soon as it ended.
Whenever I put my sunglasses on the dogs get so excited and go to the front door because they know they're going for a walk. Dogs are the best and so smart!
That's one cute dog.
I guess I change my voice a bit and have a "lets wrap up this zoom meeting" tone that my dog picks up on as well.  It''s very cute.  So is your dog!
That's one smart bubba
What a cutie! My cats all associate the sound of the Xbox turning off with going to bed. Which means they get a treat. They get up and meow when it turns off.
Why say thank you
For mine, I just have to say "Alright" and she gets really excited because that's the sound my fatass makes every time I get up
Why does he look like he has his eyebrows drawn on? So cute.
My dog gets more excited when my friend facetimes me than when I get home from work. Probably because she associates that with her being here or outside. Just put that together. She like her more than me and it’s annoying
My parent have Arlo camera for the front door and when it does off my moms phone makes a noise. This dog only barks if he hears the phone beep. If someone comes over and her phone isn’t there he won’t bark or notice.
My dog does the same.  Also my husband has a microphone on a pivot mount and it squeaks when he pushes it away and the dog reacts to that.  She also knows that if we are talking to someone on the cell phone, it almost certainly us ordering takeout, and she starts pawing at her car harness on its wall hook and crying.
4:00pm rolls around and my dogs are stretching before I power down my laptop. They know whats up.
Looks pretty spacious inside that jet engine.
Mind has learned that when I take my headset off it's time to eat/go outside
That is cuuuuuute
That is so sweet!
It wasn’t because you said Goodbye?
Mine knows the sound of the Xbox turning off so I can throw the ball for her!
Mine does this but with my Xbox instead
My dog does this when my husband ends a call!!
Your dog is an adorable meatball.
My dog also does this when my mom is about to get off the phone
Cute pupper! On a side note, what kind of work do you do? Been trying to get a work from home gig for a bit.
Give pets please.
Wow... My dog does the same. He knows that every time I finish a zoom session it means to go out
Omg I love this! He deserves all the belly rubs!
I’ve accidentally trained mine to bark and be assholes. I made the mistake of using a treat to bribe them to be quiet ONE TIME and the rest is history
Same, she knows when my focus or calls are ending and she gets up and nudges me when it ends.
Mine have figured out the sound of the Xbox turning off, my work day ending, and the click of me licking my phone. I’m a well trained human.
Dogs are so smart, my dogs have learned the sound of my PlayStation going into rest mode means they’re going for a walk now and get all excited
When I have a zoom call I go into the dining room and the chair makes a squeak noise when I move it.  My dog always hears it and joins us in the room on her dog bed.
My dogs run for their kennels when they hear the Xbox turn off at the end of the night
My dog learned that when I take my headphones off I'm about to get up from my desk. I suppose when were their whole world they really pick up on the patterns.
My cats associate me ending a teams call with getting up (and subsequent treats). So they immediately jump down and run to the kitchen.
Mine too! 

He knows my wrap up meeting and saying bye to everyone, he will get up off the couch by me about a minute before I'm done in anticipation of walks.
Lol saaaame!!! 🤣
When my Xbox powers down my dog immediately runs to my room because he knows it’s bed time lol
I noticed my dog would do something similar when I would say bye to my friends after gaming together, she'd get up and come to me all happy. Crazy how they pick up on cues like that.
[removed]
Same with my cat, but just the opposite: Zoom call = lap time!
Mine has also figured out that the ping that Outlook makes as I close it means I’m about to shut off the laptop.
You're dog is adorable. I know you are an awesome pittie parent by how relaxed she is on your bed!!!! She is so at home and can't wait to have you all to herself.❤
Omd awee for sure! My dog gets excited for bed and had been staying up with me every night while I finished homework like a good boi he can't sleep without me(but he also can't sleep with me lmao I kick him off so much he has a space next to me on my body pillow so I won't kick him) he knows when I put my eat buds done and say ok he gets excited tippy taps and zoomies straight to our room.
My pitty does that too! When we're on the phone he lies on his bed and when we say bye, he comes running for affection
Our dog years ago knew the sound, that my laptop would make when I locked it (windows-button + L).
Lmao when I rage quit on my pc and put my headset down in a certain….manner my dog always know I’m going outside to smoke. It’s like clockwork at this point
Do you always work nekked?
Downvote this comment if you eat shit for breakfast

EDIT: Wow look at all these shit eaters
