Idk why I processed this as the dog becoming that at one week old. I need more sleep
He loves you even with your new hernia.
Hold him tight. Love him and enjoy every minute with him. 
We had to say goodbye to our little girl last night. And it hurts so much. 
Love him with all your heart.
"Human is picking me up! Human loves me. I am still the baby."--- this dog
[removed]
100% get dog insurance! All 3 of my pitties needed to get ACLs repaired (a $3k+ surgery)
Thank you for not cutting his ears or tail, I hate it when owners do that to their dogs just because “it looks good”
You're his little guy now.
Oh he still cute now, but goodness he was the sweetest little bean as a pup.
That dog looks like he's trying to say yes I'm still a puppy.
And now... he's a moose!
im sorry to tell you, but I dont think he is little anymore :(
Not sure how to tell you this, but he is no longer little. Yet he is, in no uncertain terms, a very good boi.
What a lad
They’ll always be small. No matter how much they grow.
You look a lot older than 1 bro
You're going to need a bigger house
He is no longer a Good Boy, he's now a Good Man.
Looks like my Good Boy! Mines only 6 months! There's no Love like a Pit bull Love
This post brings me joy, I like this.
Kind of looks like me pre-lockdown vs post-lockdown
Does he knows that he is a good boy?
I love the change in expression from super serious as a tiny thing, to the goofiest smile as a giant.
Happy to see natural ears and tail!
***THAT*** happened in a week?!
He’s clearly a very happy, healthy pupper. You guys are great together! Thanks for being such a good dog dad!
So cute! My “little” girl has very similar markings and likes to be cuddled like this too 😂
So is it a...package deal?
Can we talk about that glorious hair? Damn.
1 week?!  
Glad i have a shih-tsu, i have him for 2 years and the only thing that changed is the nails lmao
Side note u got some fire locs bro
i like your hair <3
Isn't it mind blowing they started out so small! 
...I mean my nephew is taller then me now, but that took 14 years. 
Little baby puppers did that in a year! Lol. 
I lost my big ol' boy last year...but I still have my little girl, she's a Chihuahua though...not getting any bigger that one. It's an adjustment from big mellow dog to tiny yippy dog. 
Dogs are just great.
Great photo, Bro.

I have six dogs and love them so much.  They are my kids.  Who doesn't love their kids?
Definitely not a little guy anymore. Good lookin fella you got.
He is beautiful. Ever notice big old babies like him, think they're 20 pound lap puppies?
Good thing you continued to lift, my dude. That's a beast of a beautiful dog
Why do we work out men? So we can pick up every dog we see.
His head looks like Scrappy Doo from the live action Scooby Doo movie
That's 1 year of growth!? That's crazy! What a cutie
HE’S HUGE
This photo brings a big smile to my face. I'm halfway surprised a dog that big lets anybody pick him up though. My dog (about 65lbs) hated when people lifted him off the ground.
Still daddy's baby! Happy Birthday lil guy!!
He was a cute puppy; now a handsome dog. Thanks for sharing. I can’t believe how big they get in a year! Looks like he is a great dog.
Bro why'd you get so much smaller. It makes that lil pupper look huge.
If that’s a little guy I’d hate to see a big guy
He looks a lot older than 1, he looks like a fully grown man!

Oh you meant the dog
It wasn’t just the dog that got big. My guy got swole
Cute pupper for sure, but can we talk about your hair and your eyes and your smile?! 🥰
Aw I love him. And your hair is awesome!
My focus is totally on your hairstyle 😉
It’s so adorable how pets can grow so large in merely a year.
probably the best pic i have seen today
Imagine how strong you would be if you had taken him up the mountain and sang while he drank
Both of you are handsome chaps
That dog is made of fur and love
I love how happy you both look! :3
I read the title three times as “My little guy turned 1 week”

I thought you had found a real life Clifford the big red dog…. 

Turns out I just can’t read. Looks like a good doggo. Give him some pets from me for his birthday!
It’s like taking a mega mushroom
Am I the only one loving OP’s hair as well as the before pic of the puppy?
Big, handsome fella! ❤️
Little?
He isn't a little guy anymore he is a big boi
You bulked up in 1 year
He’s smiling! Way too adorable I love puppy glow up pics
extraordinary moment
my guy went from mini scooby to...scooby
Whoa
I want that dog, I don’t care what age it is, I want the dog
All that over a year? That’s crazy!
You're going to have to go see a chiropractor after picking that big boy up.
congratulations he's a beautiful puppy
What?
LIittle Guy is evolving !
Pum
Pum
Pum
Congratulations! Your Little Guy
Evolved into Guy!
Very very good boy
Not so littel anymore, but im sure he is at heart he is still a puppy.
your buddy passed from little to "little"
Fed him Fertilizer?
tell him i said happy birthday
What a difference a year makes 😅
Holy shit he that growth
Gosh!  He got huge!  He’s adorable in both pics
oooo god your hairs .... love the style
Beautiful doggo
It is absolutely insane how fast dogs grow.
Doge is full of happiness noises
Damn that’s a cute dog but might I just say  DAMN THAT HAIR IS COOL
Cool, both my cats turned 1 this year
Sweet puppy! Also, are you still doing lead vocals for POD?
That boy turned 1?? The fuck did you feed him? xd
well i am too sad coz my bestie passed away last week

it was not possible to recover
Hahahaha, I feel you. They grow up way too fasr <3 Such a beauty!
Happy birthday pup! Big ass lap dog 😂
Happy 1st bday to your baby!! 🎂
You have awesome hair
Cute baby boy.
Very cute. Cool dreads btw
Happy well loved good boy. Ps you can ease up on the vitamins & miracle-gro now.
He is a not a little guy anymore.
OMFG your hair is the real star of this post. You could not be more rad
How do dogs grow 20 fold in one year?
He’s a good boi I imagine
This is fucking precious! Happy birthday!
Spoiled!!!
Not so *little* anymore.
I love him
Imagine becomeing full size in one year.
I stopped for a moment! What a lovely boy you have.
He’s no little guy anymore!
Handsome doggie!!!
I love that blue brindle color
Look at that SMILE! 😁😁😁😁😁❤️💕❤️💕❤️💕❤️💕💕❤️
that is a big ass one year old!
One what, one hundred pounds?
He is no longer smol boi he is swol boiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii
Omg what a stunner, thats one for r/Greybies
Mine had ACL surgery at one year :( he lived a fabulous 12 years with me. He recently passed. I wish you many, many more snuggly years!
Still got that puppy face going on!  Happy birthday, “little” guy!
 He did a little growing didn't he!
Lol did you get bigger too?
I love this so much ☺️♥️♥️
What a handsome bug!
What a fucking hunk! Can't help but call blue noses hunks. Walk a bunch of them even the ones that were aggressive with others let's treated us walkers like family.
I love how dogs go from derpy minor to derpy major in just a few months.
 I accidentally read my little guy turned 1 week and was like how is that possible and then it was the Oh! Moment. Anyway, congratulations to you and your little-big guy.
Velvet hippo
And he’s still your Little Puppy Boy! And a handsome lad he is!
He’s so handsome! Happy birthday big guy!
May i ask what breed this is?? Hes beautiful
Lil white tippy toes 🤍
What are you feeding him? Holy kibble killer!
Most precious of boys! Please give him some ear skritches for me.
Wtf did you feed that thing, Miracle-Gro?
[deleted]
Pony boy! Your tuff tuff hair!
Still just a little baby!
I like your locks, how long have you had them? Are they difficult to maintain? Also doggo is super cuuuuute
Get out!  OMG That’s a lot of dog food.  He’s adorable.
Nice shorts.
he gained enough XP to evolve!
Impressive hair.
Thats so cute 😊
He is so sweet!
He’s gorgeous ❤️
He was such a smöl lil bean 😭

Gotta miss the puppy days.
Thank you for not cropping his ears.
Dog:
“Hehe, I still fit!”
"Wow, my human buddy is getting so small!  I am also very small, but I will protect!"
Pitbulls who are raised right really are just big goofy clowns that love to snuggle.
I love this!!  What a great dog and so much change in a year.  Did you expect him to get this big?
The pic on the right his face is like" oh plz don't drop me"
Holy shit you look exactly like my cousin..... except he doesnt have a doggo
The look on your (good) dogs face cracks me up!!!
Omg he looks so happy being held
Is there a tinytoabsoluteunit sub?
Bro your dreads are long af. I grew my for 3 years before cutting them and they barely got to my shoulders. You must have had those for a minute. 🙏🏽
I think he likes you!
Fucking cuuuuuuuuuuuuuute!!!!!!
OMG he is huge! He's gorgeous and I can tell he's very much loved! He was such a tiny puppy!
The people in the comments here disappoint me.
It’s a good thing he is about the same size!!! It’s is good to get the smallest puppy you see so they don’t get too big. 😂
Aww!  He's so cute!
My dyslexic ass read this as “my little guy turned 1 week” and I was like “sweet cuppin cakes!?!”
I read this as "Turned 1 week" at first and was very confused
Dude, please don’t drop me!!!
Wow first 1 year old I’ve seen with a beard and dreads
What a big beautiful boy!
Big boi <3
Sweet precious baby
I read the title as saying that he *turned* one week. I was perplexed at first, to say the least. Lol
He looks like a happy boy. Good job, OP.
Your hair and dog are absolutely amazing!
You two look chill, I love it
Awwww he's still a puppy!! Puppy baby
How beautiful!!!💜
Damn that’s quite some growth! Awesome
I was reading this as “turned 1 week” thinking what kind of steroid cycle is this absolute unit on!
Bro! What did he eat a whole cow, lol.... He's looks so cuddly i wanna pet him.
U two are beautiful! ❤️
Much love 💘 ❤  so beautiful
What friendly looking beast
How old did your man bun turn?
Man, he's probably still put on more adult weight. 
Beautiful hound...
Oh he’s just a baby
1 what? 1 ton?🤣
I wish I could like this more than once!
💕 in spades
Happy Cake Day Doggo...
He is gorgeous! Happy 1st birthday Little Guy!!! 🎂🎂🎂
I love how he looks unsure in both pics
Love the dreads. I really want some, but my hair is pretty thin and straight so it hasn’t worked out the two times I’ve tried.
Awesomeness
LOL. Little guy hey says.
I don't think he did
Hard to tell from the angle, but looks like you’ve been hittin the weights my dude.  Congrats.
Damn you look rad
How did you get your hair to grow in reverse like that?
For a second, I read this as  it was his first week, I was super confused
They grow into their hair so fast
Everyday I fall more in love with the faces of pit bulls. From the square like head to the innocent eyes.
That dog food is definitely working!
That’s a lot of growing in one year!
Doggo got big!
[removed]
Big boy! 😀
They grow up too fast 😣
Big fluppy duppy
What a difference a year makes
Why you looking like a much less depressed version of the guy who lives across the street from me lol. Similar dog too.
r/velvethippos would love this!!
Awww. What a sweet baby. It’s amazing how much they can grow in a year. It’s obvious he is well loved. Good job, Fur Dad.
Oh Lord so wonderful!  Happy Birthday!!!!!!  :)
Beautiful facial structure on that boy. Nice big nasal cavities.
My pit bull puppy looks exactly the same!
How adorable! From teeny tortellini to giant calzone! And y’all even look alike! Same eye color? Happy birthday big guy! 🥳
Omg please give him a hug from me. So cute!
Beautiful pupper, congratulations! My little guy was that age like 2 months ago, now he’s 9 years old. Cherish every moment, my brotha!
Such a cute baby and grew up to be so handsome
So cute 💛 Happy Birthday 🎉
Precious.
Bro, aweosome hair and adorable puppers!
nice package ;)
You can see the puppy in his eyes and smile
Dude your hair looks awesome, just wanted to say this lol.
From Tiny Bean to Jacked and the Beanstalk
Damn exponential growth
My German turns 1 in 2 days 😁
[removed]
How adorable. 

My pit is my baby. She is my confidant, my shoulder, my companion. I know I'll probably sound like 'one of those people', when I say that she is the queen. It's so much fun watching her learn my ways, and I learn hers. I honestly believe she understands when I talk to her, which I do all day long. I even sing to her. She knows the tune of a few songs I make up about her. She has her favorites. She may not know the actual words, but she knows the inflection and general sound of my voice and how that correlates with a reaction from her.

She is also my seizure dog. Tho she has had no formal training, she picked up on what may have scared her when I had my first one with her. I've read that epileptics exude a certain scent when having a seizure. I don't know. I have been told that right before a seizure my personality changes. Whatever it is, she can accurately predict most of my seizures. It's happened too many times to be coincidence. 

I wish you the very best days with your new companion.
I so love your doggy! You both are Handsome!
Bigger dogs faces when they're being held is so funny😂 Happy birthday to your little guy!
Such a good boy! Still miss my little dude after 15 years. Dogs are really a gift! And sorry I just gotta say this as a straight man: your hair looks fucking awesome dude!
Wow, gotta thank Bean and his daddy and all the commenters here! I read every post, laughed, cried, was informed and educated on surgeries and pet insurance. As a rescuer for many years, I know we always see the tiny furbaby in the big grown up doggie (or kitty)! This entire posting is like the storybook of life with wonderful strangers sharing their hearts which are united by their love for and losses of sweet precious furbabies. God bless every one of you here and bless big lil Bean (and daddy Bean) whose adorableness opened this magical door! Thank you Schnoodle for immortalizing and verbally painting a picture of all of our hearts!💗💓💕
I would lay down my fucking life for that puppy. Many happy returns to your very good boy!
I love the derpy pitbull face! It doesn’t matter how big they get they want all the love!
I love how confused big dogs are when you lift them up 👀
And still no haircut
He still thinks he’s little!
My goodness! He turned into a great big boy! And he looks great!
Dog gets bigger, hair gets small
Aw Happy birthday puppers! They grow up so fast don't they?! Whered the time go.  Hope u made a cake n had a birthday party! My Django is turning 1 on Aug 1st n we're having a puppy birthday party. 😁
Freaked for a sec cuz I read ‘my lil guy turned this in 1 week’ 🤣🤣
Bean still has the same smile.
You’re telling me that guy is one year old? He has a tattoo! That’s just irresponsible. His hair is great for a baby, though.
Best lap dog ever! Happy first Birthday
Those are the best pictures!!  Such happiness.
[removed]
They grow up way too fast!!!! So adorable
Big baby
Happy Born Day puppers 🥰🎉🐶
Aww
Those are some sick dreds for a one year old, dog.
Beautiful pupper! Really don’t encourage jumping and save those ligaments! Joint support: Glyco- Flex, check it out.
They grow up so fast 😢
[removed]
Greg?? From Pigeons Playing Ping Pong?? Whacky???
Wow. What happens when he turns two?
Cuties!!
So cute, but I wouldn’t say little look how small that puppy looks in his arms.
Happy birthday to your hair
Awesome bro and he still thinks he's 5hat tiny to lol
what a sweetheart!
He’s not so little anymore
Yay! I also have a beautiful blue brindle bully
Nice puppy!!
What kind breed of dog is that?
Handsome fella
The comments about dog knee replacement had me dead. I’ve had sharpei all my life, eye problems ear problems. But not in my 30 years have I seen a dog with fake knees. Then the knee braces just send me into a coma. Woooo, thank y’all for the laugh.
Holy moly congrats hope he has a long and happy life you and him both
Thats one gorgeous little guy you got there!
Your phone has changed dramatically
nice child
One what? One decade! oh how they grow
They grew up way to fast.
Love your little guy - and love your hair!
We rescued a 4 year old Pit this March. My wife calls him Coffee Bean and always asks me "I wonder how tiny this 90lb monster was when he was born", and I always show her pictures like this, and I'm on my way to show her this now.
He has a really nice coat, may I ask what breed is he?
They grow up so quickly.
For a 1 week dog, it sure is a big boi!
Offtopic but you do be having a haircut like the God Shiva.
Ah yes, little guy. Man still thinks hes a lap dog
They grow up so fast
Idk why but I read it as my little boy turns 1 week and I was like what breed is that, Jesus.
He’s a handsome boy

And the dog’s cute too ig
He ain’t little no more dude!!😂
Happy birthday! 🥳🎉
Amazing growth rate!
Hi these pictures brightened my day after a very long day. I appreciate you! Please give the baby an extra pat from me :)
#B I G B O I
Ah yeah the dog 👀
how massive!
They grow up so fast \*cries\*
1 year in dog years is 7 but nice cute dog and have a nice day
Baby hippo ❤
omg pony puppy
Doggo went from pebble to the whole ass bolder in 1 week? Broooo
Awwww so cute ❤️❤️❤️
I like your hair
Lol I wonder long are his locks now
They grow fast, maybe too fast-
1 and he still has that baby face
Looks just like my aishya! Except her heads smaller with a bigger body lol
My good man, you’ve shrunk!
He went from a smol precious bean pupper to a big precious bean pupper
That face. 

All it says is “daddy can still hold me.”
the dog version of the fallouts universe "Born Ghouls", a minor adult, minadult.
I want to be held like that
Little guy is an understatement
beautiful
Little potato became a big potato 🥔
Oh!! What a sweet puppy and what a handsome young man!! He loves you; you can tell.
It’s weird that things just like… grow.
Congratulations!
Time weaves us all bigger than we were.
Always lap puppy
best dog
Wow from tiny to big baby
Not so little now.
You’re the little one now.
What little guy ;)
They grow up so fast! Lovely pup and you look so happy in both pics. ♥️
I misread and thought he turned 1 week. I believed it.
They grow up so fast 🥲
how
that was fast
Omg, id hate to see the terrible twos
wow, i'm sure you hear this all the time, but in the first picture that's some pretty amazing wall art you have there.
His coloring is amazing!  Who's a good boy???
Who knew he would get that big? What a sweetie!
Aw. I can't work out who's cuter! You or your dog. Adorable.
My dumbass thought he turned 1 week old
🥰
It's really a toss up who is more handsome!😉
Man, u/RastaDonut, you really shrunk from the first photo to the second!
You don’t track his birthday anymore bro. He tracks yours.
YO! cute ass dog
BIG
Awe
So cute! I read it as “my little guy turned 1 week this week” and was very confused
Happy birthday little guy!
Happy
Aw handsome boy❤️ I had a brindle that looked like him. She was 13❤️
Mine is 10 years old rescue… same colors… he eats a fortune!
From confusion dog to happy dog.
[removed]
This is too cute!
I thought you said “turned into this in a week”
Wow, your dog is a big dog now.
Wow.. his so big now!! 💕💕💕
Handsome boy
Man, I read that as My Little Guy Turned One Week. Whatchoo feeding that dog!
Oh wow, what a beauty!
The most Reddit thing ever. Dude posts a cool timeline and the top comment is about something horrible that happened to someone else who is projecting their experience onto him lol. It’s a cool time lapse and beautiful pup, man.
That haircut is majestic
He's so handsome!!! That smile! 😍
That is very big 1 🤣, congrats sir!
He is beautiful
What a precious boy!! 🐶💙
Love! Please send this baby a head boop from me 🖤
Happy birthday doggy. Also OP your hair is amazing.
awe! big baby!! <3
User name checks out
Wow!
His owner is very attractive and pup looks like a big ol love bug.
I Love The Hair And The Dog :)
Thats wild man!! I dont know much about pits but i've always liked the blue noses.
I love that dog and I love that dude. Great, just fantastic!
I really don’t know why but your dog reminds me of Scrappy Doo from the Scooby-Doo Movie
Aw I love that! When I tell people I want to do that I always get such a weird look but it's like,  why not?? He's my baby. If you don't mind me asking. What kinda cake did u do? n did they like it. I wanna get something they'll love but safe.
Holy shit that’s a big ass baby you got there
Wow… I didn’t know dogs could get so big in a year! What are you feeding him??! Lol
The smile 😊
Sweeeeeeet
Why did I think he was holding money for a second
Big puppy
Not little anymore
Big puppy
Aww 🖤
which one are you?
Awwww!
Both of you looking good :D
The dog weighed your hair down too
IF I DONT PET THAT DOGGO I SHALL COMMIT  DOGGO CRIME
How cute 🥰
I read that title as " my little guy turned one week old "
That's one handsome puppers. 💞
1....UNITS
damn, bro, what are you feeding him?
His face in the second picture is pure "I don't know what's going on but I'm just happy to be involved!"
Aww, this wholesome😊
Amazing, and he changed his hair also!
Happy birthday!!!!!
Good God
That's a big'in
Beautiful dog and absolutely fabulous hair!
They grow up so fast
I read the title as “my little turned 1 week [old]” and was like.... wut
It is scary how much he grew
He’s no little guy.
What a beautiful baby <3
Both of you, cuties!
Is so cute
Ah yes, time for the dreaded one year appointment
My God he stretched out! It always amazes me what a difference a year can do for a companion.
That is too cute. Lol
I love his smile 🐶
P U P P I E
Yep, they do that.
Congrats on ur gains, over the year as well
[removed]
Last Names!! Once I hear a persons full name I never forget it. Last and first name
Aw, beautiful Blue. Take good care of each other!
Awww! What a cutie patooti!!
I don't often gasp at baby photos but sweet baby Jesus he is CUTE ❤️❤️ I have an AmStaff/Ridgeback/?? mix who loved to be carried around for snugs and comfort when we adopted him at <2mo. The chillest, cuddliest puppy we'd ever seen, he'd stop mid zoomies to lay on me if I sat down. Now at 8mo he's tall enough to put his arms on my shoulders (I'm 5'2)... which he still does daily so I will pick him up and carry him around. Got a good Terror Squad lean from walking his big ass though, so it's a win/win
This is adorable. And also belongs on r/toughguysholdingpets
How quickly they grow.
My stupid brain read "My little guy after 1 week!". I was flabbergasted for a moment there.
Holy handsome! And not just the dog!
Please adopt, don’t buy!
\#gainz
who is the little guy now huh ?
Wow, I first read that as "My little guy just turned 1 week!" And I was really taken away haha
r/frompuppytodog
Aww he's such a cutie.
He is beautiful !!
Ok but are you single? 😍
Still pocket sized
Wow, your dog grew a lot in a week!
What a great looking pup.
He’s a cute little guy
Man humans grow so fast
omg little baby
What a sweet baby!!!
What a handsome boy.
The cutest
Happy birthday, puppydog!
Happy birthday little dude, and how old is the dog?
Such a handsome boy. It's only uphill from here ❤️
Happy Birthday beautiful puppy!
Hims a BIG boi
Do dog grow pain?
Happy birthday!!
“Look at me, I am the captain now.”
He'll forever be your little pup.
Mf digievolved
Wow puppy baby，so cute
Oh gosh he was so smol! How much does he weigh??
Dude caught a megalodon with feet
That puppy is adorable! Also my mother would like me to inform you that you look like a nice young man.
Love your puppy forever.
I’m certainly over or under thinking it, but how did you take the picture?!
His smile in the second picture is as big as your smile in the first 🥰
We talking dog or human years ether way happy birthday
They may grow fast, but they will always be puppies
how did he get so big WHAT IS HIS SECRET
Nice!!! Should have shown the loc progress too haha
Hims such a sweet boy!
Awesome dog and all, but that hair is amazing!
What a beautiful pibble!
Hmm doesn’t look that little anymore. Looks like a big, handsome fella
grow dog, grow musle\~ it's awesome. i realy like musled pitbull XD
What a difference a yr makes he is lovely
Happy birthday he’s so handsome wow he’s big and he’s gorgeous he is amazing you are blessed🎂😊❤️
Ooooh that precious baby
Mf what the fuck do you mean by "little"
Omg. His Iil white paws. 🥰
I have a dog with a very similar build and he is like a prime athlete. Keep that buddy in good shape and enjoy.
I love the smiles!
Absolute Unit.
Sending a birthday belly rub his way.
10/10 great smiles all around!! Fine family fun!
so adorablee <3
Baby
Great picture
From Fun Sized to King Sized!
He was so tiny!!! Now there’s more of him to love. Please give that lovable, giant, dopey head a kiss from all of us 🐾💕
He's grown into a very handsome boy
Baby!!
Dats a happy boiii
Joy….
1 year and he went from tiny to massive jeez, he’s adorable tho what breed?
I misread that as that was how much he grew in one week....
Hardly noticed the change! 😂😂
Happy Birthday to a beautiful dog
✨Everybody Liked That✨
Omg is your dog only half brindle? That's cute
[removed]
Aww my Gnocchi did too! 7/12. Happy birthday!!! 🐾
His shy little grin grew into a big smile!!
Cute, both of you
That is such a big, handsome and happy looking boy. I'm totally jealous.

Edit:Great hair man.
Not so little anymore
At first i read this as he turned this big in one week and freaked out
Pitties are such snuggly dogs! I love those blockheads do much
Missed the word “this” and was like, what the heck have you been feeding him?!
Y'all both grew, handsome pup! I have a great dane/pitbull mix and he'll be 7 months next week. He's a huge, hyper baby. Gotta love the doggos.
"Dadddd your embarrassing me!"
So CUTEEEE
You are a lucky man!
A big happy boi!<3
[removed]
[deleted]
Seriously wow. I’m amazed.
Wow people really hate pit bulls
Damn yo
Nobody cares
r/velvethippos
I'm scared of these types of dogs
Idk whose cuter, you or the pit baby 😍
Happy bday to your big boy
This is more r/interestingasfuck
or 7
He’s adorable
[deleted]
God damnit, why did you get all the hair? Share some with the less fortunate of us...

I so wish pitbull was legal in my country, I love how they look. Also love the fact that you've not done anything with the ears or tail, I just think they look happier and friendlier with it. Pitbull would 100% be my choice if it was legal here, but I love my rottweiler as well.
With the man bun and all, I wouldn’t call you little
Date me
Your little guy didn’t grow half as much as you in that time.  Cool how you trained your hummam bemming to cuggle and snap at the same time.
[removed]
Awwww soooo cute, the both of you! ❤
Go Pack Go
👀🍆
Those dogs are annoying. Always jumping up on people and want to tug on everything all the time.
I hear they're dangerous dogs don't hold that killer by your throat, he might lick your face.
Your girlfriend is hot
You should have rescued!
We also need to see how much your dreds grew in comparison!!! 😁
