I know the song but im not sure where its from.. is it from ice age?
I thought there were some Sims having fun under there
@mayapolarbear on Instagram
I’m a big fan of this
I want to go to there
Oh hey, music in a cutesy animal video that didn't make my ears bleed. It can be done.
What a life
Petition to make a 10hour version of this perfection.
I want one of those giant pillow cases.
Total Fluff!
Why did you stash a bunch of cotton under your sheets?
He a loaf
Why isn't this 12 hours long?
Cloud in a wind tunnel
everything is SO clean
Before we had airconditioning in the house we used to do this for our kids. 

It’s surprisingly cooling and they were usually watching Netflix. Or reading / making drawings, but mostly Netflix.
The real owner of the bed.
Domain expansion.
I want to be there with that dog but I also want to be that dog and now I understand why the Lokis kissed.
Oh hi Maya 🥰
Can anyone name this breed ??
Beautiful
I can feel he is so well
This is so cute but the music made me tear up. I'm losing a dog today so I'm on a wild rollercoaster of emotions. Thank you for the little bit of joy❤️
He/she' s the coolest dog in town for sure... ;)
That’s a big pillowcase
Floof!!
I love Maya
I went in expecting to disagree with the title

I do not disagree with the title.
I’d expect to see this in a ‘You successfully arrived in heaven’ template.
Does anyone else want to just lay down next to the dog
Dream tent in the summer👍
Air BiB
Lofe
how else you gonna control the hair
The floofy cloud is in a bigger floofy cloud!!
I was not expecting such fantastic floof!
[removed]
The first time I saw one of these dogs was over twenty years ago, when I was at a picnic with a load of friends. The dog was really excitable and lovely. One of my friends called it muffichunks, and ever since, I have called them that in my head
This is so cleansing
That dog is in my happy place
I love this.
Spoiled rotten baby
I’m saving this post so that whenever I’m feeling sad, annoyed, angry, disappointed, exhausted or worried I will be able to smile.
Can someone tell me what song that is?
😍😍😍
Indeed. 

Indeed it is.
That reminds me to buy a duvet cover before winter arrives.
Watching this:
   Vs
  Neighbors dog: Outside, Barking all night
Summer breeze, makes me feel fine…….
Welcome to fort floof!
Why is this dog achieving all my goals in life??
I did the same concept of cooling when the a/c stopped working at my mom's. It works pretty well.
This is so perfect
At first it looked like an air mattress was breathing
That dog is gonna give me a fetch quest so I can progress with the story.
hello Mr White or Mrs white 😘
It's a samoyed right??  
I am a dog lover . What about you?
Fair Oaks California, 1979, 4 years old, fitted sheet, box fan, accidental fan fort. I was living my best life…just like this guy.
Except the fuckin music
What is the name of the music?
This makes me happy 😊
This is amazing.
This is so cool idk if my dog would stay still like that lol
Everything else except the artwork on the wall!
On a side note, this is the easiest way to put your doona covers
Plot twist: The real owners of the house are tied up and unconscious in the closet. They're losing blood fast. Yet you are too mesmerized by the dog to go look for them. This dog just committed the perfect crime.
I used to do this in my childhood... haha
Except the music.
I concur
If the video would work i would agree
What da dog doin’?!
@mayapolarbear
What a plot twist! Masterfully done!
so funny
That’s a whole ecosystem
Cuuute! I have that same duvet cover! I should try this with my pups!
Its a little good boi cave
First thing that I thought of is : that’s a whales mouth and he is going to eat the poor dog.
Even the sun is shining outside. Marvelous.
So cute ✨❤️✨❤️
I was expecting something else, lol!
Awwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww😍
That is the perfect serene face of.... My human gets me and really loves me!
Can I move in?
Aww how do I join in the snuggle tunnel?
That's his domain expansion.
We used to do this as kids.. building a fort!
Just a white puppers Instagram.
a fopsie loaf 🥺🥺
That’s a great idea! I would totally lay in there.This dog knows comfort!
I want to be in there
Even the squiggly drawning?
My god the ice age music fits so good
This was Fantastic.. lol How cute!
Why does that dog look more peaceful than I ever will be
Fluffy marshmallow inside a fluffy marshmallow 😊
Thank you, I needed this today :’
That’s awesome! When i was younger i would get covered in poison oak or sumac and would only find comfort doing this exact thing.
What soundtrack is that?
I used to do this when I was younger, but with a sleeping bag during the summer. Best. Thing. Ever.
That mattress looks very uncomfortable.
How cute..
Floofy wind blown cloud.
What effect does the 'inflated' bedsheet have? I'm still trying to figure that part out.
Til not everyone uses duvet covers?
I mean it's not a big deal just a tad shocking
At first I thought this was a very high quality Sims 4 shader and 2 sims where having ✨ F U N ✨
It really is. I love a fan.
We are lucky not to see the overwhelming amount of fur flying around
Is it possible to learn this power?
 L
I use to do this for my corgi. Except it was a stitched together baby blanket. Made him enjoy bathtime because of this awesome relaxation afterwards.
Inb4 I have that duvet
cutee
Heaven
Awwww
What?!?!?!?!!?
Depression: cured
This pup living better life than me
Bet the dog farted in there
Fluffy perfection. A really unexpected twist to the video too.
hot pocketsss
Is this to contain the fur??
Bring it to me
What a peaceful, relaxed doggo 💜
Floof pocket.
What song is that?
I remember when I was little my mom helped me make a tent this way❤️
Nice bed...
Hey, it’s Maya the cloud!
Hot dog days
I would love to be that doggo right about now
I love this
I don't know, I'm not a fan
Except it's taller and narrower than it needs to be and I find that SO annoying.
Dogs don't sweat though so this wouldn't be nearly as cooling than if it were a person :(
I have the same fan, number 1 fan
The music from ice age made me so nostalgic! I love that song❤️
perfect
I got the idea when I noticed that the refrigerator was cold.
Thought this was a very impressive Dutch oven
Slightly r/unexpected but so worth it.  

Also, that must be a freaking powerful fan!

Edit: How has the music made it so much more heartwarming and adorable???
FLOOF N CHILL
Air Fortress!!!!!  That’s what we always called them.  Made them many drunk nights in my youth(20’s) and then more recently when my nephews stay the night.  Never too old for a air fortress!
The cloud is ascending.
this pleases me 😄
That fan in the face makes my eyes hurt
You don't have a soul if this didn't make you smile.
I used to do this as a kid with a box fan and sheets.
i am feeling really cozy after seeing this
Where did they get the art?
You should give Maya the Polar Bear credit.
Looks like he loves it
Show me you're not in South Korea without taking pictures outside.
I love those pictures hanging above your bed.
My favorite kind of wind tunnel!
Here's one way to beat the heat

Just trap some air beneath a sheet

And as the stand fan whirls and blows

I close my eyes for a little doze
what i would give to nap in that spot
What a happy doggo!!
Right attitude
Doggy cave
I recognized the song and got nostalgia/sadhappy chills  but can not remember what it is from. My brain is thinking Balto but I know that isn't right
Literally me
Awoooooooo
Nice floof in a cool cloud!
Except for the editing.
I shall at once purchase a duvet cover and position it as such. Place fan and enjoy it myself  !!  Its Florida, I shall sleep so good 🤞
It gets a divine pleasure
Cut the power
Fantastic!!!
I want to snuggle in there too!
Hot Eskie if hot!
credits:mayapolarbear
The only way this could be any more perfect is if there was a cat under there too.
Floofy floofington.
This is exactly what I needed to see after watching someone abandon their husky on the side of the road.
I want to do this! Not for my non-existent dog, but for me.
Dog bella, aka American eskimo
Awww my siblings and I used to make air tents with a blanket cover like this in the summer ❤️
Only problem is the reddit video player.  Otherwise, perfect.

:)
At least credit the owner.
I need to try this
A perfect video sounds pretty good, but I have a feeling I'll be disappointed if I watch it.
Maya's too cute
So cute!
I want to try and do that
Cool...best way cooling down yourself.. ha ha ha ;)
He’s a big boi floof uwu
man i wana lay beside her so bad lol
Whiiiiiiiite womaaaaan instagram
I love samoyeds 😍
An unexpected but cute turn.
This video is perfection
Can this please be my next reincarnation
If you can position a bucket of ice water under the fan… that makes the air even colder
Snowflake, said my son as he watched this
Relaxation
Where does one purchase a gargantuan pillow cover??
Awww...it’s sweet Maya! I love this little polar bear.
I have that exact fan. It’s rather awesome.
The dog is so cute
She coldboxed herself in there!
aww
Eskies are so funny.
Beautiful pup-tent.
Cool art on the wall, too.
That is an IKEA duvet cover! I used to have it.
Yep… life’s pretty good…
I have allergies and all I see is big sneeze
Spoiled and loved....
Sammy says I gots to cool down!
If the dog was the size of the bed you could put it on r/bossfight
I love Maya!!!
BODY SLAAAM ON TO THE BED
Wish that was me right now, lucky dog
Ha I do this with my kids. They go friggin nuts. Someone always gets hurt. Best time ever.
I KNOW WHAT IM TRYING NEXT!
Dogloo
Maya
/u/bharatghelani
What’s that fan?
I don’t often say this, but this video blows.
Is this music from how to train your dragon?
Pure bliss!
that was unexpected, doggo enjoying the breeze
Maya❤️
It really is!  so peaceful
It's Maya !
An absolute breeze to watch. Nice post OP
Dog is life!!!
Where do i get a pillowcase that large?
Monke
Can anyone name this breed??
Bubble Fort! 

 I built one last week, to beat the heat.  Still fun as an adult!
Life is gooooooodddddd
I'd that a giant pillow case or something?
Oh I'm saving this one
woohoo in sims be like
Puppo needs a Bedjet
r/mademesmile
when I was a child I loved to build a house from sheets and blankets, this is the most comfortable place on earth! 😌🥰
So much floof!
I bet that feels amazing!!
I know close to nothing about doggos. What breed is that? They look like an arctic wolf
💜
A mood
🥺🥺
Another person of exceptional taste buying their duvet covers from IKEA 😄
Love this!!!  Perfect!
You’re perfect
It's like he's in a Cabana on an island with the cool breeze blowing on his face. He's telling you he really wants to go on vacation. It's way too obvious! 😄
We have the same duvet cover from IKEA lol
Adorable
Where does one find such a big pillow case
This dog is living more luxuriously than me
Ok, like what?
Aww
Weird but smart ❣️
Fluffy loaf
In da fort
Summer breeze, makes me feel fine……
It has its cave :)
People really be out here giving animals childhood memory's
These people got a dog that fits with their decor.
If you like doghair in your mouth when u go to bed
Sheets from iKea
Just chillin’
Poof palace.
Little floof is so content in his wind tunnel! I love it :)
Uhhh..... nvm
Awwwwwwwwww this dog is Very Beautiful
Fluff to the Nth fluffity
Cute 🥰
I won’t show this video to my puppy 🤷‍♀️
I wanna know where they got that duvet cover!
Hop on in with your dog and cuddle and watch vids
There needs to be more dogs
Duvet cover by IKEA!
Damm I'm a human and I wanna do that
We recently had our AC go out for a day and set up a fan. 2 seconds later the dog is sitting in front of it just like that. They love a good fan
Used t do this same thing as a kid camping in the living room in summer nights watching tv and enjoying snacks.
I don't understand the sheet... Is it a pillow case for a mattress? That would be the worst thing to change
Maybe it's just me, but unless my dog is as clean as me.. It's not sleeping on my bed or in my sheets. I just picture the average dog that goes in and out of the house as it pleases, rolling around outside, walking in it's own pee and poo... Then coming back inside to chill on furniture. Nah, can't do that.
Forbidden hot pocket
This guy is living his life, while I’m here at work, on a fucking Saturday morning
Didnt expect him to be this chill
Lol
This house has zero cats.
Imagine this in summer
Dogs have to be the smartest pets ever
Fluff
So cute
Dog
Genius!
IKEA sheets baby!
Goddamn that's adorable
What breed is this beautiful creature?
Maya!
F E R B I K N O W W H A T W E A R E G O N N A D O T O D A Y
I know it looks like a really sweet video, but this is actually really bad for a dogs ability to regulate their body temperature. /s
 best fort ive ever seen
Awwww adorable
Dogs on beds 🤮
It's all chill until they turn off the fan
😂😂😂
What a relaxed doggo
That is awesome!!
Blessed
Dog fur in your mouth, in you eye, up your nose, on your furniture, in your food...
Omg, I was not expecting this. Bravo to you and your comfortable doggo.
I love this song <3
I was thinking is the blanket breathing
Cool floof
Yep and for the Spitz I grew up with
is this the world's biggest pillowcase? where do i purchase one
Adorable!
This is so awesome. I know your beautiful sweet puppers loved the cool flow of air circulating all around. 💞
Looks like a good idea to me.
Now this is the life! Lucky pooch!
Perfectly curated for our consumption
I would enjoy this is as well
Bro I I be under that blanket hugging that adorable dog
Except the music
This is me as a kid in south Florida in the 70’s, A/C was a luxury and my parents had a window AC that was used maybe twice a year, they used to let us sleep on the floor
What the hell kind of sheet is that.
Hahahaha
Lol happy dog
This video makes me sleepy
Heaven
That’s adorable 🥰 ❤️🐶
Except that annoying music
That's how they harvest the hair
I just want to put the duvet in
Is this a Japanese Spitz?
H O W
100k in under one day how is this even possible
That....that is the meaning of life. 😭 so beautiful.
A good boy-rrito 🥰
I wish to be in this tent
Awhhh
is she like beyoncé or something?
👍🏿👍🏿👍🏿😂😂😂
White hair everywhere
Ice age nostalgia kickin in.
Kriegt der keine Bindehautentzündung?
L o a f of d o g
Too funny
I can't even count how many times I've come back to this video.
he looks like the divine beast,fenrir
everything “on” this video?

How do you know what I’m stacking on my tablet...in my furry costume...in my depths of depression?

Edit: I love reddit, you get downvoted in /r/Aww for admitting that you are struggling. Thanks internet friends
I taught it was ten people fu***ng each other but turns out there is only a half dead peace of meat
dogs in beds .... ew


Edit: all the people who sleep next to their dog's assholes and get chronic acne are here to downvote me LMFAO
[deleted]
I hate this video. what the fuck is that, is that a sheet?? do they sleep inside of it? or do they use it as a blanket???? I dont know which of these options are worse, this is so disgusting
[removed]
[deleted]
u/redditdownloader
