I love orangutans. They always seem so gentle and clever. 

Wouldn’t want to meet an angry one though
If only other primates practiced proper hygiene.
Sandra was born in 1986 and is a hybrid mix of Bornean and Sumatran orangutans. She lives at the Center for Great Apes in Florida where her caregivers describe her as sweet and inquisitive.



https://www.centerforgreatapes.org/meet-apes/orangutans/sandra/
You can teach an orangutan to wash its hands, but my 3 year old will lick a park bench in a pandemic
This behaviour was even transmitted to completely wild orangutans. They watched the captive orangutans washing with soap and would mash roots or some kind of vegetation to make their own suds and were observed washing their entire bodies and bathing similar to how we do. 

Orangutans are some of my absolute favourite hominid homies. Nature is amazing. We have to keep these beautiful, intelligent friends of the forest alive and protected!
Can orangutans teach redditors this "cleaning"?
Why is Sandra such an amazing Orangutan name?
Sandra is a better person than most people.
This makes Sandra demonstrably smarter than most teenagers....
I love Sandra
Apes clean together
Plot twist: Her caretakers learn this from her not the other way around.
Monkey see monkey do
Sandra gets an "A" on her hand washing exam in nursing school.
r/likeus
Why am I crying over an orangutang.. this is amazing
[deleted]
That's why they named her Sandra and not Karen
I love videos like this. I know mimicking doesn't necessarily mean intelligence, but I can't help but feel we severely underestimate the degree to which certain animals can think and feel.
Sandra thinks that since she cleans her enclosure and washes her hands maybe she can step outside like her handlers do.
They always look so smart, I know they are being protected but they are so human-like that I don't feel is ok for them to be in enclosures
Well any animal does “something” that is not necessary for survival. More intelligence they have more complex things they do. 

It still blows my mind how close relatives we are. We might’ve lost all our brethren species like Neanderthals and hundreds branched species before them, but at least we have higher apes to remind us how far we’ve come and that our role as older siblings is to protect and rake care of ones that can’t so it themselves.
Even Sandra knows how to use a mask properly against coronavirus.
Just one hug.      Pls
Sandra should teach some humans how to be clean...
See anti maskers and covid deniers? Even apes get it.
Holy shit this is amazing
shes already smarter than your average floridan
Sandra, can you teach the Karens of the world too?
That Orangutan is smarter than some of the people I know
Man I hate seeing such intelligent creatures in cages. Which I understand that in some instances it has to happen, but damn it still sucks.
Reminds me of the orangutan who tried emulating fishermen spearfishing by using a branch. The spirit is there, just not the understanding. 

I bet they’d get it though, if taught.
Its so sad they keep these animals locked up for human viewing pleasure and greed from zoo keepers. The older i get the more i realized how fucked up human beings are.
Monkey see, Monkey do
If an orangutan can clean, us redditors should be able to as well.
Clean monke
Joe Rogan has entered the chat
Can someone please explain to me why the fuck an orangutan needs a ten-pin bowling ball?
Meanwhile, there are homo sapiens who wont wear masks because they thinking being asked to wear a mask has anything at all to do with freedom
So adorable
Whoosh!.. 


GNU Terry Pratchett.
Sandra 2020
Wow even orangutans are smarter than some people
That's the most Sandra looking orangutan alive.
This shows that even apes are smarter than many humans.
Sandra I love you sweetie
Awww
She is soooo sweet
dont want to turn this political, but even an orangutan knows proper hygiene.
Holy shit this is facking precious. I just wanna hug an orangutan now.
We don’t deserve animals.
I wish humans were this intelligent. 
Fucking morons can’t even put on a mask and this obviously intelligent primate can wash they’re hands and clean the enclosure!??!!! Ridiculous
Already more clever than some members of our society.
TIL orangutans are smarter than most people
This orangutan is more conscientious of hygiene than some humans I know.
Fucking heartbreaking. This creature is far too intelligent to be kept in an "enclosure"
This orangutan is smarter than half of America
Monkey see, monkey do
Ook
Sandra is smarter than the average American.
These are our cousin species!!! They are far too smart to be in cages. It’s like being in a glass prison for your whole life where people bang on the glass to get you to react and move. I couldn’t even imagine that. I can’t believe that we subject them to this.
Ah yes monke smarter than anti vax
An ape. More evolved than the Alt-right.
If orangutans can help stop the spread of covid, so can you.
Baby Orangutans learn through mimicry, so this sort of behavior is very common in situations where they may interact with or observe humans. Adults will continue this, and you can find many interesting videos of them canoeing, washing clothes, etc. in the sanctuaries in Borneo and Sumatra. 

Fun fact: Orangutans are the only asiatic ape! Their name literally means “orange man,” as they were once believed to be hairy orange tree-dwelling people. Their habitat is very endangered, particularly by palm oil farming. So remind all your crunchy vegan friends to try and use products with ethically sourced palm oil (cuz those veggie products use a lot of it).

EDIT: I was incorrect about their name. It means People of the Jungle. Thanks for pointing it out u/andriagassi!
See Karen?

&#x200B;

Even an Orangutan can do this!!!

&#x200B;

why can't you.

&#x200B;

If you hate everything then go and devolve to a grease spot.
First Sandra I’ve ever known that isn’t a succubus and it’s an orangutan.
Look Karen!! Even a F*ing orangutan kan do it.
Is she kept alone on the enclosure? Because that seems kind of cruel
r/likeus
I been bing watching on youtube rescued orphaned baby orangutans being rehabilitated to get back to the wild.
Orangutans can practice sanitation and hygiene better than humans can in a pandemic.
TIL that I'm lazier than Sandra
care react
Is this where the "monkey see, monkey do" saying comes from?
That’s it. An orangutan is now more hygienic than 90% of the monkeys I encounter at the supermarket.
That doesn’t look like water
I wanna be like you hoo hoo
Uh oh. Squeaky. Squeaky clean
They down
She’s so smart! And observant.
Sometimes I think great apes are just one or two mutations away from being full-on sapient
TIL Orangutans are smarter than a lot of humans.
Who else feels ashamed of their room?
Enclosure is too small. Where are the others?
And so it begins
Even Sandra cares more than a lot of so-called humans.
Sandra is a goddamn sweetheart
If all of us would have been like Sandra, maybe we would have a non-covid life
Monkey see monkey do.
monke
Smarter than some people
This orangutan is much smarter than my human neighbours. Much love.
amazing how she got herself a bucket of water and soap too
Does she know why? Probably not, but still she does it. A lot of humans know why and still don't.
I love Sandra
Where’d she get the soap?
Bandura loves this
reject human
 
return to Sande
So this is how Planet of the Apes happens.  We die off because of fucking idiots not wearing masks or taking this seriously.  

Meanwhile....apes over there ready to take this bitch over.
This orangutan is cleaner and nicer than lot of Karens I have seen.
"yall dirty fuckers ain't gon give me the rona"
r/likeus
“These damn humans are going to give me the rona.”
She probably would wear a mask without complaining about infringing on her rights too
Cleaning and washing hands.. so smarter than some humans rn.
Monkey see, monkey do.
Appy see, Appy cute.
Smart monkey
Karen, you can stop washing your hands now.
This is a prime example of monkey see monkey do... With the exception that she is an ape...
The fact that you come in here and a lot of ppl making the same "well Sandra is smarter than a lot of humans/redditors" jokes for easy karma kinda proves the point...
boss: interesting..  
\*fires caretakers\*  


  
caretakers: they took our jobs!
I’m not going to barge in and say “oh, she’s just mimicking, she she doesn’t know what she’s doing”, I want to legitimately ask how much of this she is conscious of doing. 

Like, I’m not expecting her to understand germ theory, but I’m genuinely curious to know how much of these behaviors she processes as having positive benefits for her in some way.

Animals are just fascinating.
Look at that even orangutan are doing it and some humans you still need to explain it to them.
I really want to be friends with an orangutan. I would never want to own one, of course that's wrong, but I'd just like to go hang out with one once in a while
More civilized than most humans.
I always kinda forget about great apes and every time I see this kind of stuff it blows my mind again. It's so odd to see something so much like us but not quite us.
Sandra is a sweetie
They’re the most dexterous animals aren’t they? Can we teach them Stone Age tech and what not?
Sandra does not want to get Covid either.
Imagine Orangutans getting hold of this and not Karens of America. Orangutans are better observers I guess
She's better at cleaning and handwashing them some humans are (during a pandemic no less)  What a darling!
but. my name is sandra.👹
If she could only wear a mask, she would be more responsible than most Republicans.
Wow, look at that second clip. She is in perfect flow state. Love it.
she is washing the trees! so cute! she is so smart to take notice and implement it herself, says a lot of certain humans though
Sandra is cleaner than some humans I know.
Aww.  Smarter than a lot of kids and adults. 😝
I really love orangutans and would love to help care for them
it’s funny how even this orangutan can wash his hands, but yet none of the line cooks at my old job did
The more videos I see of primates on Reddit, the more I'm 100% convinced that they're smarter than humans.
Wow. Very smart animal.
I bet she would also wear a mask, if she had one, instead of complaining about her primate rights.   
Makes you wonder if human evolution was such a good thing.
Kinda makes me sad, this is such a smart animal, sad that it has to live a life in a box
We really do have some cool creatures on this planet
Yet there’s still people that don’t believe we are related to these animals
Monkee c monkey do
"Maybe if I clean Ill get to leave like they do"
So monkey see, monkey do .
This monkey has its shit together better than me
If the orangutan can do it so can you. Wash your hands everyone.
They’re so intelligent, what a sweetheart ☺️
What excuse do Karens have now?
Great, give the poor girl OCD
edit:punctuation
She needs to start teaching Karen's
While singing in her head ‘Ooh-bi-doo, I wan'na be like you. I want to walk like you, talk like you, too. You see it's true, an ape like me. Can learn to be like you, too’
I mean..this is a WILD Animal that is learning visually better than 99.999% of Americans.

-not embarrassing at all
múnk
Still not as smart as a dolphin though, sadly
Primates are fine, its those dang bats that need to wash their tiny hands.
As humans continue to destroy their natural habitat this poor creature is just trying to assimilate.
r/likeus
If only humans were as adaptable!
This orangutan just showed more intelligence than %75 of the older members of my family on FB...
It's cleaning the dirt the lazy humans left behind lolol
if we are evolved from this

what are the antimaskers evolved from
Sandra can stay at my place anytime.
"Enclosure"...
r/likeus
Isn't the soap bad for her though? I don't think trees also like water with soap.
Did she also get the bucket, filled it with water and made the soap herself?
I know one orangutan who could definitely learn from this one.
And yet the karens complain with some bs reasons
Reject humanity embrace monke
“Enclosure” — Cage.
free labour
I literally said aaaww and I didn’t even realize the sub reddits name
What a gal
Protect her at all costs
Atta girl
Americans are officially dumber than Orangutans.
If an orangutan can wash their hands you can too
I was at a zoo the other day, I saw an orangutan try to put on an used mask that washed up in it's enclosure. I was amazed and disgusted at the same time.
I guess Sandra will be making her own mask in the next video.

&#x200B;

Mothers will be sending this video to their kids.
This orangutan is smarter then a lot of people complaining about wearing a mask
Enclosure = cage. 

I know some animals can't be returned to the wild but seeing them like this bothers me greatly.
I wonder if she's just copying behaviour or if there is some comprehension involved.
Sandra is the opposite of Karen
how can people be cruel to animals? lookit these sweet babies. they just want to live peacefully.
Next thing you know she making food for the zookeeper
I am 100% convinced guys can't wash their hands because it'll wash off their manliness. I say this because ever since I was old enough to remember, I have always seen adult males NOT WASH their hands after doing the 2 or taking a pee. It is disgusting, one time in HS I saw this senior leave the stall after taking a loud poop, not wash his hands, go up to his girlfriend, touch her face, lips, hands, etc... disgusting.
I knew this is r/awww and we're supposed to swoon,  but all i can think of is that clip of an orangutan fighting the machine that was treating down the trees in the Borneo forests for palm oil. 

Why do cute animal videos always make me sad?
Does Sandra understand the benefit of washing? Or is it more "monkey see or monkey do"?
How does orangutans deal with being in captivity? Are they happy?
Imitation is the highest form of flattery.
“So easy a monkey could do it!”
*maybe if I clean up, these asswipes will let me out of here*...
Fuck it breaks my heart that this is the only way she can live in peace.
I would wear a mask, if my caretakers would give me one. - Sandra
r/likeus
I liked more the video of orangutan using handsaw :)
This amazing animal has better hygiene than some of the girls in my school.
Orangutans - smarter than a large number of people.
I want to be like you, who, who. I want to walk like you, talk like you, be like you. :)


https://youtu.be/9JDzlhW3XTM
These animals are so smart!
Me when I have an important assignment to finish
thats adorable!
Sandra should get an extra meal to merit her hard work
And after they gave her washing implements which prompted her to use them which in turn prompted humans to project onto her that she was copying their behavior...
So a literal orangutan is being better at handling covid than the one in the white house. Go figure.
 Sandra can give us humans a lesson or two on cleanliness.
Why does this make me feel sad?
That moment when an orangutan is smarter than many Americans...
She's left handed? It's interesting.
Next she will be wearing a mask, just like reddit!  Monkey see, monkey do.
Well you know what they say; Monkey see, Monkey do
Better than Karen.
Why do we have them in captivity again? That's clearly intelligent behavior.
Sooo,she's aping her caregivers?

Why can't kids pick up this skill?
Sandra looks like an absolute sweetheart~~~
(:
Heehee monkey
Can an Orangutan teach covid deniers to wear masks too?
Interesting. Did man also copy others? A lot of our behaviours are passed through copying.
Lets place this video on a loop on all the U.S. (Specially on fox news)
I wish people were as smart
They're just people.  One or twohundred years from now theyre gonna look back at us like evil caveman for thinking we can keep essentially children as prisoners for our own entertainment and research. Just like we look back and do the same shit.
Monkey see monkey do
Orangutan has more IQ than Karen smh
If only republicans were this smart
Monkey see, Monkey do
Ok. Probably a really stupid question, but this is just adorable imitation behavior right?  Not like when crows see each other using rocks as mallets and copy one another. Ms Orangutang doesnt really comprehend why shes doing that, right?
I want to hug heru
So you’re telling me an orangutan can follow basic health advice without being told, but some assholes can’t wear face masks to Walmart after being told a thousand times?
Very neat and tidy! Well done, Sandra. You have better hygiene than many adult humans.
She’s washing a tree lmao.
this makes me so happy
Orangutan, the dangerous animal known to man. Hope someone gets the reference
Maybe if I mimic my keepers behaviors enough , then they'll maybe let me out of my 'enclosure'-- I mean, prison cell.

What will it take to finally be free?
If only karens were that smart
I know of another orangutan, but he has much worse hygiene
Monkey see monkey do like a pro
Sandra should teach some humans how to be clean...
So smart
Monkey see, monkey do
So what you’re saying is that we can actually train monkeys to do our jobs
Impressive but so sad to live her life in that “enclosure” (cage)
Now give her some books and a library if you want to see some real magic.

Ook.
Even in the wild! https://youtu.be/bzx5zBNz_9A
Both my sons need to watch this...
this is a whole new level of 'monkey see monkey do'
Looks like someone's getting unemployed
Sandra would be a better room mate than many people.

Wash ya damn hands and clean ya stuff
The planet of the apes is comming
Do we know if she associates this activity with cleaning? Like does she still attempt to clean herself afterwards
She looks very polite
She's more human than the humans who don't wash their hands after using the bathroom.
Apparently in Borneo people have a saying about them which goes something like this:

“Orangutans don’t talk because otherwise people would make them work”
That's literally the saying, "Monkey see, monkey do."
She is so smart.
They are such incredible creatures
Guess we know who Sandra is voting for
Welp guess that STONKS for the caretaker
If she can do it you have no excuses wash yo hands
You know humans need to be culled when orangutans can follow rules but middle aged rich white ladies can't
Orangutans are the sweetest. They’re so much closer to people than animals.
Be like Sandra. Wash your hands.
Orangutans are smart AF!!! I love them
This orangutan has better hygiene than a lot of Americans right now.
Gives me strong king Louie vibes lol
Now if you can trained a dumb animal to clean their house how about teaching some of this no good welfare riders to do the same get UP AND CLEAN YOUR HOUSE AND YOURSELF NASTY
The future is now
It seemed like a good idea...
Whtever'''she'so'cute
Smarter than a lot of people....
This is adorable ❤️ Orangutans are SO smart. IMHO, smarter than most other primates. Definitely more so than most homo sapiens. A most loving creature too.
Literally smarter then 50% of Americans.
Why is Sandra more intelligent than half the people I’ve met?
He passes the vibe check
Reject Modernity, Embrace Monke
r/likeus
The bandwagon effect copying behaviour occurs in humans and many other animals https://youtu.be/0foXhnlm8lY
Smarter than an average bear 🐻.
Beautiful animal. They look so wise and kind.
this is definitely what I need after watching a chimp fuck a frog
and they say that humans are the smartest primates
I love it now I can say to those stupid anti-corona idiots :" You are clearly dumber than an ape ".
Interesting, can orangutans even contract the Covid-19 virus?
I wonder what she feels she is getting out of doing this.
She's smarter than most people..
This could possibly be the cutest thing I have ever seen.
Monkey see monkey Doo
Monkey see monkey do!
[deleted]
an interesting thought, could an orangutan or other great apes catch covid 19? given it's not even really evolved for humans anyway, i dont see a reason why it wouldn't be able to infect an orangutan
I guess the term "it's so easy a monkey can do it" comes to play
#OBSERVE
I never thought I’d see an orangutan scrub a tree. Stay safe you awesome orangutan!
Definitely not a Karen
I love her. Hygiene icon
Teach her to drive and I'll hire her to come in a couple times a week to straighten up.  She's bonded, right?
I'm not crying. You're crying, you big baby 😭
Monkey see, monkey do
When less evolved primates are smarter than current ones... Sighhhh. This good boy(girl?) doesnt even need to understand germs to get with the program. Smh to idiots out there
There's something really fascinating about orangutans and their habit of copying us.

To my knowledge, they ***only*** copy us (and other orangutans), and the way they copy often gives the impression they don't understand the value in the act and just legit copy it because....reasons. There's another orangutan for example that saw a dude cutting boards with a saw and now does the same thing. No use for the boards, no benefit from doing it, but does it anyways.

It's very strange that another species has evolved to have a fixation on copying man and doesn't *quite* have a full grasp on the whys and hows of the very tasks they seek to mimic.
Bet she'd wear a mask if given one too.
Sandra is good. She practices good hygiene decreasing her chances of getting covid. Be like Sandra, you filthy Karens
Still refusing to wear a mask though, apparently.  Wonder what employee showed it that.
Reject humanity, embrace monke
That's a fucking clean stump now!
Next level child labor next thing you know Nike has their hands on thousands of free workers
Who names their Orangutan "Sandra" ffs?
This is how it starts. Planet of the Apes here we come. Thanks 2020

/s if you needed to know
Houseworking all day.
If even a primate can do that, why is it so difficult for human adults ?
I can't believe there are still people who don't believe in evolution... smh
Smarter than a big chunk of human population.
Smarter than the average human it appears.
Orangutans are so fucking cool.
Better hygiene than most Americans
I bet you the orangutang would wear a mask too. 

They are very intelligent animals. Far smarter than many people I know, in fact.
Don't keep them near churches. They might start fucking the children.^^/s
Is that Joe Rogan?
I wish we treated them with some dignity. This is beautiful.
Did she fill the bucket with soap and water too?
Humans don't deserve orangs.
Monke see monke do 🤣🤣🤣
Sandra is smarter than Karen? Hmm... seems absolutely correct
It's cool as hell that she's mimicking her keepers but I also wonder if she likes the feeling of clean hands. That's my favorite part after washing my hands is that fresh, clean feeling. I can't imagine anyone as intelligent as an orangutan continuing a behavior that's unpleasant.
This is great! If only she could teach some humans to be this sanitary. 😅
I swear she's doing it better then most employees I've seen doing these kind of stuff after 2 weeks in the pandemic.
Ya its cute watching her do this and everything. But i also find it pretty saddening knowing that watching her trainers clean is the only excitment in her life.
He is much smarter than many others of his race
...frightfully, and painfully, and disagreeably human.

-Queen Victoria, commenting on an orangutan
Aweee they really are so smart! I could watch them for hours
It's official, monkeys are smarter than some humans
I would like to be friends with an orangutan. They seem fun to hang out with.
Was hoping its not the same boring video scum like the other apps... GG
Hi Sandra I am also a Sandra although she has better hygiene than me
I can show her how I shave my shoulders too!
I feel so bad for primates they are treated so poorly. They are an embodiment of our ancestors and a reminder that we are still just an animal and we want to be free....  and shit haha
Why is she smarter than a third of the US....
-Amazing! Now, lets teach her how to cook for us. 

Caregivers, probably.
Wow this i more than most karens do
Give her the internet, a tablet, some bills, maybe a shitty job with a shitty boss with some depression to go with it and BAM! a redditor is born.

It's good to see that reddit still has growth potential
Orangutans are hands down the coolest primates. They are like humans but with only the chill, loving parts of our personalities. Everyone should check out the Orangutan jungle school for orphans on YouTube
No more stinky
That’s damn big bowling ball!
Sure he did ;)
We really do just copy each other. Be the change you want to see in the world!
Paranoia is contagious it seems
that's the start of planets of the apes. not with a war, but mankind going extinct because of corona while apes survive because of better hygiene
More responsible than most humans
If you can spare it, consider donating to support organizations like The Orangutan Project who actively work to preserve their wild habitat and rehabilitate Orangutans found after slash and burn clearing for palm oil.
Damn, there goes their jobs
She's more intelligent than all the Karens combined. Sorry for comparing Sandra to those idiots.
[nonhumanrights.org](https://nonhumanrights.org)

If you want to help save Orangutans, stop buying products produced with Palm oil
Monkey see. Monkey do.
I bet she'd wear a mask above her nose too.
Does this mean the caretakers never cleaned the enclosure or washed hands before?
It should not take a pandemic (or watching a primate) to emphasize the importance of washing hands.
Thank you. I so needed that love in my life today
That literally mad me say aww.
Nevermind all the comments on men not washing their hands, who the hell calls an orangutan Sandra?!
You know it’s true-ooh-oooh!  I wanna be like you-ooh-ooooh!
Sandra is just looking out for her Human homies.
This is two types of aww....Cute and curiously fascinating.
monke has better hygiene than americans
No longer can Charlton Heston accurately shout, “Get your stinking paws offa me, you damn dirty Ape!”

Mainly cause he’s dead.
Monke
Say goodbye to your immune system Sandra
Wow orangoutangs can wash their hands



That’s more than some humans
Anti-maskers, please take note.
That moment when the orangutan is more intelligent than some people lately
No mask though
Get the handlers to go in there and make license plates.
Are they just mimicking or do they has some understanding of hygiene?
I love her!
I have a question: does she (or all orangutans for that matter) know the concept of "cleanliness" or is just mimicking her caretakers and got no idea of what those actions mean?
So 'Monkey See, Monkey Do' is a real thing
Out, damned spot! Out I say.
Wow, this orangutan seems to get it, I wonder why the other one doesn't.
Baby orangutans are the cutest!
monke
“It ain’t much, but it’s honest work”
Give her a mask and I’m sure she’d wear that too. If only COVIDIOTS could learn something
A huuge evolutionary difference between orangutans and chimps is that orangs can imitate behaviors all damn day, but they’ll never teach it to another orang and aren’t nearly as likely to create a new behavior on their own. 

Chimps, on the other hand, actively teach other chimps the skills they’ve learned, and are often capable of creating new skills as well. 

It’s a brain development evolved in chimps that set them apart from other primates and helps us understand how learning and development evolved in humans. 


I took way too many primatology classes in college.
This only further convinces me that I could train a monkey to do my job.
When orangutans are smarter then our president. Oof
She’s clearly more intelligent than most Americans.
Holy crap it’s starting
Wow, an actual cute post on r/aww and not a generic pet or an interracial/homosexual marriage?
Omg she is so smart and precious 🦧💕
So it’s true! Monkey see, monkey do!
*"They can't do it right, I'll just do it myself"*
Orangutans are truly amazing. This is why palm oil needs to be banned.
Cuuute
Monkey see, Monkey do
This is how it starts. The real *"Rise of the Planet of the Apes"*
Girl gone and got herself a job. You go girl.
What’s crazy is when she looks at her hand to see if it is clean enough
smarter than half of the american population
Somebody get that orangutan a facemask.
This orangutan is smarter than most people in america
Lol smarter then most Americans
Damn I work w people who are less clean than this
she looks like a Sandra
The word "caught" is doing a lot of legwork on that title lmao. I doubt the orangutan bought a plastic kiddy pool and filled it with soap and got the brush itself.
Monkey see monkey do.
Damn that monkey is already smarter then my brother
Ook.
Monkey see, monkey up-doot.
So adorable 😍
What kinda animal you wanna be, Dingus?
Looks like Sandras caretakers are now out of a job! 

Seriously, how great would it be to be a caretaker that doesn’t need to do the cleaning. Just inspect. I’m jealous.
Monkey see, monkey do
Sandra is what humans should want to grow up to be.
Interesting. I never would have thought that Orangutangs would replicate behaviors they see. Shows that primates are truly the kings of the world.
Cool, she can do what a lot of sapiens can't even after you explain then with language that they can cause severe harm.
Smarter then some Walmart customers
KSI FRIEND
Nonoo😂😂😂😂😂🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
This just proves that orangutans shouldn't even be in enclosures. I don't want to demonize zoos as many will take care of animals that have been taken away from their habitats illegally or because people want them as pets, and would just die if they returned, but still. We can see so much intelligence in them and other primates, it's sad that they can't be free.
Orangutans deserve a place in our government.
"Monkey see, Monkey do."
Wow smarter than 30% of the us sad
Please tell me apes and monkeys can’t get COVID because now I’m worried about all the apes and monkeys out there. Stay safe my hairy cousins. I love you all ❤️
Look at the monkey
So smart
I'm sorry. But it baffles me when I say how closely related we still are to apes to christians. And they say it has nothing to do with evolution.
How in the fuck do orangutans do something hood without being told while stupid humans have to say "it's offending their rights" like a bunch of fucking idiots?
Planet of the Apes: The beginning
The orangutan: Hehe brush go brrr
And I cannot even train my partner to stack dirty dishes by size in the sink and it has been 10 years.
Uh oh not stinky
Monk smarter than karen
r/animalsbeinggeniuses
Monkeys are so fucking cool.
This orangutan is more responsible than I am
wish some of the people I work with had Sandra's hygeine habits.
This orangutan is smarter than most Americans.
Nice
They are evolving
I can't wait to tell my kids that even orangutans clean their room.
Aren’t orangutans like the closest related species to humans
And Bang!!  The first OCD hypochondriac orangutan...
It never ceases to amaze me how freaking smart apes and monkeys are.
This makes my heart swell with joy.
See even orangutans can follow pandemic advice.
Uh oh, no stinky
#brainwashing
Is she allowed to socialize with other Orangutans? Maybe it's just me but she looks lonely... Imagine living 34 years in captivity even if it is in a sanctuary. 💔
So Sandra is clearly more intelligent than your average human
I hope he does not learn the wrong habits. LoL
This is prime r/likeus material!
More intelligence than the WH occupant for sure.
le monkeh smarter then Karen
Cleaning supplies together clean
Monkey see, monkey do.
This ape has better hygiene than my co workers
It’s less “aww” and more “we’re really not very far off from them…”. We’re all just a wax and one bad day away from throwing shit.
monkey see, monkey do
Now I know how proud my mom feels when I clean my room
She's more intelligent than Karen's
Wow she's so cute 😘
Well this is the beginning of the rise of the apes.  Enjoy it while you can you stinking humans.
I bet she'd wear a mask if mandated and wouldn't argue against it lmao.....we are fucked as a nation.
Awww what a smart lady
I kinda want a hug from Sandra aside from the fact she’s probably rip me in half
When the Orangutan mother&baby were at San Diego, my family went to see them, I was thunder struck by their intelligence, they felt very human, like I was standing there watching her watch me. As for the baby. . .it was a baby, there are no other words. 

There was a rather rude couple standing beside me who were having a little argument, I could swear the orangutan was quietly observing them, looking at their mannerisms like they were some strange exhibit of great ape, "is that a breeding pair?" I wonder who is to blame?", "I wonder why they are angry?".
Great, orangutans are more covid conscious than quite a lot of people in my country!
Monkey see monkey do
Monkey see monkey do!
