Such beauties, even with the mud.
They look like they had an awesome time doing whatever shenanigans were had!
I love how the first dog is a bit shy about then you pan to the second dog and hes like hell yeah this happened
I love when doggies have that floppy ear that hasn't gone up yet. It makes them that much more precious ♡
Dirty Mike and the Good Bois
This is one of the cutest posts I’ve seen on here by far
The puppy is like, "is this ok?"
The adult dog is like, "LOL"

Dogs are great.
Downright diabolical in the MOST adorable way possible! I love it. They’re so stinkin cute.
What kind of dog is that?!
What did I teach you about playing in the mud?!

How. You taught me how.
Is that the dad? Probably, dads are usually bad influences. 

Source: I’m a dad
Great thing about Samoyeds is they probably won’t even need a bath; the mud dries and brushes right out really easily. My own decided to wade through a very muddy, shoulder height puddle on a walk a while ago and by the evening it was all gone
Kid: Are we in trouble?

Adult: For what?
This is exactly why I got a waterproof seat cover in my SUV. My big boy loves water and LIVES for the puddles at the dog park! 

[Proof/Dog Tax](https://imgur.com/gallery/QPxh7KE)
First one doesn't know if it's in trouble or not and is kinda reflecting on what happened like it isn't sure if it's done something bad. Like it was kinda just going along with things. 

Second one need sunglasses and a deal with it text bar
Ngl I wasn't sure if the puppy was a dog or a cute ass pig at first.
That is one big opossum.
The big one makes this all the better!
Daddy looks really proud.
"What? I just did what I was told. Am I in trouble?"

"No, son, they just don't understand our ways."
More like the gravy didn’t fall that from the table
I like the fact that the little guy took the time to wear goggles.  Eye protection when playing in the mud is paramount and dad could probably learn a few things from his boy.
u/vredditdownloader
Well that is most certainly awww. I love seeing stuff like this
As a parent, sometimes you just gotta day to heck with it and have some fun making a mess with the kiddos.
They are both so pleased with themselves.  As they should be!
Wait til your father gets home and sees you like th-
"This is how you dog."

~Mother to son.
I thought the first one was a little pig
Let them dry and it will just fall off in a dog shaped chalk mark where it sleeps.
I never knew an aww and a lmao could happen at the same time. Because watching this, it just did with me
But you don't understand, there was a mud monster, he's gone  now.
It's alright boy they will never notice, just play it cool. - Dad dog
That's just fucking adorable.
Hello, I am the owner of these pups. I messaged you about the failure to ask for permission to use my video and also no credit was given.
shit apple doesn't fall far from the shit tree Randy.
Pupper: Am I in trouble?


Big Doggo: Heckin' worth it.
This made me smile, TYSM!
Wow! I thought it was bad when my dogs get muddy paws.
SO. MUCH. FLOOF.
Oh no...

*OHNO*
What an absolute unit
Mud mud never changes
Thought the little guy was a pig
Too too cute, the happiness just radiates off them in clumps on to the flo- oh that's just mud
Lol the reactions of both are adorable

Pup's reaction be like: Did do something wrong?
While the Parent doggo: haha good times, good times.
Puppy: Well he said it was OKAY to go in the mud and it was fun! Am I in trouble?

Doggo: We'll be fine. A little water here and there, but we always get treats. They're not heartless, just clean freaks.
My dog 2 mins after a bath lol.
Samoyeds are awesome
The best part about Samoyeds (besides being hypoallergenic) is you can just leave the mud and let it dry and it brushes out super easy. That’s how their coats stay so white.
Now, everyone in bed!
I was expecting a muddy pig lol but having his Mama/Papa as muddy made me chuckle.
I am so sorry, but they are so cute





I'm sorry because of the grooming bill btw
...so there was this puddle
There is exactly the same saying in germany: Der Apfel fällt nicht weit vom Stamm.
“First time”?
Wow those are some dirty apples
Pup: oh uhm excuse me. I... yes I am a tad dirty. I hope that is okay.

Doggo: yep they’re dirty alright. Dirty as hell. Hey uhh, let me know when it’s dinner time okay?
So cuuute
what breed?
Yeah, second dogs like " Just own it!"
/u/vredditdownloader
100% thought that was a pig at first..
I thought that little guy was a pig for a second
This is great, would like to see a whole pack of them!
But it was fun
O M F G!!!
As a dog groomer, I would LOVE to bathe a dog this muddy!
Cute hedgeporcuppolbeas!
u/vredditdownloader
oh my GOODNESS
I'm just like you dads :D
u/vredditdownloader
They look so pleased with themselves.
These are some polluted clouds
Samoyeds are some of the sweetest dogs <3
Oh my god! The ears on the puppy!!!
What breed is this
what breed?
You did good, son.
10/10 would be happily trampled by these good boi's
Puppy: Uh oh owner has a phone out did I do something bad father?
Dog: Oh no, you’re fine I do this all the time
What the hell happened here
Who cares it’s to ADORABLE
The apple fell into the mud.
Look at that rat
“I learned it from you! I learned it by watching you!”
Mom sitting down like "maaaannn, that was a good mudroll"
Were they wearing eye protection in the mud? They both have white swathes around their eyes. They are also adorable!
What kind of doggos are these? Chow chow?
Mud Boissss.
Oh my!  They sure are cute though!
Lol what a mess.  But well worth it
Ok I still want to hug both of them
Apparently it rolls.
"but he did it too!"
The parent dog has such a happy satisfied dog look.  Good bois all around!
Me and my kids!
Oh my where were they
Mud good for you.
Oh my! Too cute! Hot mess.
My dogs use to do this out in the Bay.. peee yuuu.. I would take them to the car wash and blast them with the hose..
I've watched this so many times... they are the sweetest!
No regrets whatsoever!
#FWOOOSH
20/10 good boys
I can tell fun was had!
I am thinking they were both investigating the same muddy pond.
I need to know how much fun they had!?!?!?!?!
"Sup"
That's not an apple.
Dirty sammys
I thought it was a koala.
Just a couple of puppers dressing up as bears.
They are adorable!!
I find it really cool that the mud basically didn't penetrate the topmost layer of floof on either of them.
....and a great day was had by all.
Dogs like this are so beautiful/handsome. What breed is this
Lol, busted partners in crime.
I love that they're dirty, bu their undercoats are still pure snow white
Someone please clean these good boyes
I feel like this a good example of how a dog's coat protects them.
Man, I just love dogs so much.
r/bettereveryloop
uggh, they look adorable but they also look like they would run up to anyone to hug and kiss them....this would be a good way of deterring potential burlars.....no burglar is going to go near a dog that dirty for fear of getting dirty themselves.....ugg, i love dogs but the thought of this guy running up to me with all this dirt....makes me cringe...and dogs also try to give kisses.....yuck!
They’ve got frosted tips
They look like they had a fun time!
This is precious
Bath timeeee
[deleted]
hey at least he only burnt the tips
For a second I thought the first dog was a koala lol
Ay los amo 🥰
The puppy is so adorable.
The only part of spring that I hate.
The smile...😊
I guess that’s one way to keep your skin soft
........Toby would be proud :)
Love this. Made me smile!
They look like they had a ball.  Thanks for sharing
Like parent, like child
Large and small chocolate-dipped cream puffs.
The felt the ground shake as the second dog sat down
Oh my heart ❤️
What kind of dog is that?
Omg I want them! They are so adorable!
Looks like a little boar
Dad like son
They are but mere floofs. You cannot expect a floof to resist a good mud.
Oh thank you for sharing.  This just made my day! Are they huskies?
Pup: You can’t be mad at me. My dad showed me how to play in the mud.
Thought this was live action The Last Guardian at first.
Lol so cute
Anti-frosted tips
That must be the mud room
Bahahahaha!
He is so proud..
😂😂😂
Parent dog Looks at puppy. “Glad that’s not my fuckin problem”
Oh puppy! What did you do?
Omg what a silly boi
I actually almost fell out of my chair when I saw the big woofer
Not once but twice, that’s dog gone cute
Rain clouds
Haha he's proud of that shit to lol
It reminds me of a hedgehog
They’re so proud of themselves lol
You are looking at two incredibly happy dogs.
Love that little tail wag!
Carl and Frank in Shameless
how bout giving it a shower hahaha
I really needed to see this video.... this is my exact mood rn
Disebi have a husky and feel your pain.  When he gets that dirty I consider just replacing him.   You'll be rinsing him for hours thinking where the fuck is this diet coming from he looks spotless
Oil spill?
K that’s real cute!
I wish my dad was in my life.
This just happened
u/gifreversingbot
Cutie
Breed?
The video thumbnail is actually pretty scary looking. Like some sort of woodland monster.
2 rain clouds
MY HEART
The tree dragged the apple down the mud. They're so freaking cute
What kind of dog?
Chocolate covered dogs are the most scrumptious treat out there!
Be a lot of truckers out of work, if they did.
Ha ha
Pup: uh...well..he did it too..
Dog: oh the kid? Yea, you know. Whatever.
Muddy buddies!!!
As a husky owner, I am sorry.
“That’s how it’s done boy.... whew I’m gettin too old for this shit”
Play N.E.R.D. - Lapdance and watch this again
I legit thought that puppy was a polar bear. I miss having a Samoyed.
Love it!
I so wanted that dad dog to have a floppy right ear just like the pup.
That second dog has amazing comedic timing
Aww so cute, they rolled in shit again and now I have to clean my useless pets who can't groom themselves. So cute!
i want a sammy!
This is like reversed frosted tips, The reverse guy fieri if you will. ( after his roots start to show of course.)
Puppy: Why are you pointing that phone at me? 

Dog: usually you're touching yourself when you're holding that thing.
I was hoping this was going to keep scrolling until we got a humungo dog.
What a cute little pup 😊
I'm just a begger asking for spare gold, please help me!
That was a good day.
How can you not laugh at this?
snorted so loudly i scared the cat!
"We.................


We played."
Doggo see doggo do
I’m not seeing any eye contact 👁from the grown up!
Hilarious! The pupper looks like a cross between a polar bear and a possum! Bet they are beauties when cleaned up, though 💖
the tree falls far from da apple
Do for a hot second I thought that was a wolf
That little tail wag tho...what a good little doggo
confused polar bear and happy wolf
I love me a dirty set of doggos
awwww
Awwww they are proud of playing in the mud. Sooo cute! I'm sure it wasn't the most adorable to give them baths afterwards though.
So cute 🌸
My heart simply exploded. I don't think I can take any more internet today.
Looks at these little dumasses, awwww
Круто
Awww
Someone tell me the breed por favor
I want to see bath time and the drying towels.
This is so damn cute. Best thing to see after leaving the gym
They need a bath
two pokemons chillin’ out of their poke balls
Good way asking for a shower. I can’t tell how intelligent the dogs are 😁
Is it bald
What breed is this?
That's awesome
𝗗𝗼𝗴!
Wow :)
Happiness is a muddy Samoyed.
What a horrible role model!
I wish I could upvote this a million times!
Sheba?
that's harry the dirty dog.
"I learned it from watching you!"
“Ahh, I see you’re a dog of culture as well”
Second dog was like - Yeah!! So this happened. Anyways get us clean and what’s for the food tho?
Should also be on r/Moonmoon
WHAT DOG IS THAT
*nut
Gosh. Imagine the fun they had
Big doggo to little doggo “ Good boi”.
Naughty & more naughty! Lol! Time for a bath!
"Ahhh good job son, now we rest."
Check me out... good thing I was there to rescue that puppy
I want to see video of them in the mud. They look like they had fun!
!Remindme 2 hours
Who better to teach the pupper how to have fun.
Where can i unlock this skin for my dog?
Like doggo like pupper
Aww I love these polar bears
These are not dogs; they are rain clouds.
Very cute!
This needs subtitles
That’s awesome!!!!!
Looks like they had a good time!
Good boy 🐕
Awwww
Those dogs are really disgruntled u/oddlygruntled
Dad: quick, show him everything’s totally cool or he’s gonna cry
The apple didn’t even roll.
This is so adorable my head hurts
Second dog: I don't know who that kid is, never saw him before in my life.
Show us the getting dirty part too.  I know you have pictures of them 🤞😀
r/meormyson
Cutest. Ever.
Gonna rain soon, dark clouds are coming.
So adorable!
Wagging tail,  tongue out, "  hell yeah we had fun !  "
Apples are edible as well: good metaphor
Awesome....like mother like daughter!
Lol
Oh my so cute!! Wouldn’t want to wash em tho 🤣
They both look very happy with themselves. ❤🐶❤
Ah shit!  Dad!?!  I think we’re fucked. Yep we are fucked   Oh gawd oh Jesus this is bad....

Nah son, we’re good. 

How do you know, they’re all looking at us funny. We never come back this dirty. 

Did they try to stop you?

Well, no

Me neither. See that metal/glass thing they’re holding?

You mean that thing that tells them what to do?  The master of shoomans?

That’s a good sign. They let us have that one.....for the gram.
Samoyeds and their mud. Honestly I will never understand
Like father like son !
Beautiful Samoyeds
Yes, I've taught you well - big dog
They had a fun day
Needed this today
 Thanks!
He was teaching the lil dude how to roll in mud. Comes over like "See, what did I tell you"
Awww this is so cute!!
I just saw that 😋
This is the best thing I’ve seen all day.
What little distance it does fall, however, ends in a mud puddle
Sooo cute
It looks like they got their tips done but in reverse
OOOOOOO......TWO ESKIMO PIES!
This is so frinking cute.
What a freakn' awesome tree it is tho!!!
I love how the bigger one looks at the little one like “tf happened to you” and looks away hahahah
I see they grow into their ears
That’s the look of satisfaction.
Cute pups, what breed?
They just went and got themselves some highlights done.
Oh my god! I want to cry. So cute.
His mudder was a mudder!
Me @ reddit buffering: SHOW ME THE T R E E.

Me @loaded video: now das some good t r e e
😝
Oh Sammies. It’s a good thing they’re actually fairly easy to clean when they get that dirty.
Thought that was a pig.
Honestly thought the first dog was a pig until you planned to the second dog.
Yeah...the little one and I had ourselves a little romp.  They had fun, totally worth it...ahh I think I'll lay right here. Good times
Dad dog came in

*winks at kid*
I just don't get how they get that mud pattern. Meaning still have white spots.  Guess I always had a black dog.
Are they Samoyeds?
Cuteness overload
Two adorable apples I say.
Zero fucks given.
u/vredditdownloader
This sub is the most lucrative karma place
The apple doesn’t fall far from the mud.
This is the cutest mess I’ve ever seen!
“Anyway, so that happened”
Daww look at the messy boys! First ones so nervous while the father is all 'just another fun day'
Aw
Why is cold mud better than warm soapy water? Even my Chihuahua  HATES a bath with all her doggy being!
Lol the smiles just “no regrets”
I love them!
These dogs are so fucking beautiful. Oh my god.
Don’t know what breed of dog this is but they’re beautiful
Did they strike oil?
We waas havin fun...
This two look happy as fuck with whatever the hell they just did haha
😄🤣😂
I really needed this. Thanks for posting
Now do a power washing porn post!
Hi
Even though they be dirty, they look like v good boys
It looked like a little hairy, little pig at first, then I saw the parent and then took a second look. Oh, yeah those two are little piggies.
Second dog: Totally worth it.
Baby polar bears!!!
Puppy: I'm not so sure about this. Are we gonna get in trouble? Mom: Nah, it's fine. I do this all the time!
Hey! Clean versions of the dogs at my work.
Had a heart attack thinking the flooring was carpet
Someone is a bad influence on the little pupper
I like the way the second dog own it
I thought the pup was a little bear!
puppy: uh dad the All Father is looking at me I don't know if we should've-
big dog: heh heh
It looks like the shader i installed glitched out
I don’t see an apple
Are these Samoyeds?
This is the epitome of "why are they staring at me dad?" "They dont understand buddy. Just do your thing."
u/vredditdownloader
YOU'RE SUPPOSED TO BE HELPING ME RAISE HIM! AH DON'T LAY DOWN!
Little dog: I'm really sorry I got dirty but it was just too much fun
Big dog: I ain't sorry totally worth it
Love the brunette highlights!
Those stuck-in-ocean-oil birds look different
Oh gosh. They’re adorable.
So cute
Watching them play with hose water while getting hosed down would probably be the most satisfying thing ever.
This is just so cute..
Why didn't you wipe them off before they got in the house. that looks like a lot to clean up
Man every time I watch it, the satisfaction on the dog's face and its contrast to the shyness of the puppy just makes me laugh
Reverse frosted tips
u/vredditshare
I’d just spray them down with a hose at that point
Ok so now Keren have to do a lot of work
Oh my goodness two giant floofs 🐶
Aaaaaaah It looks like a little sad bear
Ah yes I know this breed, although these two individuals are known Dirty Clouds with legs rather than Clouds With Legs.
u/vredditdownloader
M.U.D. ...pud...dle? I didnt see no mub duddle. Best thing about samoydes... it will all wick off when they dry and brush quickly.
Nooo!! Ahahaha!
It took me WAY too long to realize that was mud and not some fur discoloration.
The puppy looks like a lil piggy porcupine!
u/vreddit_bot
It’s a father and son oil tycoon duo.
Awwww So pleased with himself
Buy a pressure washer.
u/vredditdownloader
Are they dirty bois or do they just look like that?
I LOVE THIS SOOOO MUCH! I feel sorry for whoever had to bathe and clean all that up though lol. Love the big doggos reaction. Could care less haha. Very proud of his little one
Pops pup glances over real quick to his boy, "Damn you made a mess!"

Looks down, "oh.."
ha ha the older one just doesn't give a shit cuz that was freaking fun!
Oy vey!
Tik Tok bad
ohmygosh!!
When you leave the kid with dad
So fricken cute
Lol....I loved the post !!
Baby looks like a possum
I love the way the big one sits down.
I like how the French idiom is perfectly appropriate here.
Literally : “dogs don’t breed cats”.
That's the Poppet family, I think.
If it’s hot where you live they might be getting in the mud to help stay cool, that’s a lot of fur.
this is great. my Samoyed as a puppy was also very shy about getting dirty and getting her paws wet. well it's been like 3 months and she's really opened up and will just roll in wet grass for a solid 10 minutes if you let her and then just waltz into the house. but she's happy so I'm happy
2 good dogs right here u/SplonkyGorl
It’s mommy’s fault!
Adorable I love Samoyeds!!
/u/JanoszATitan /u/blintmester
No, we definitely did not go in the puddle! Nope. Must have been the cat.
I didn't know dogs got a JoJo shading feature
Omg!!!😂😂😂💕💕💕💕💕
Learn lil one
That's ma boy!
This reminds me of the asdf movie skit of aww look at the little baby wah now look at the big baby wah
80's kids will know:

["You alright! I learned it by watching you!"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n5XakEKSIaM)
This sounds weird but their fur reminds me of a bear’s when it’s wet
u/VredditDownloader
😂😂😂
unless that tree is on a hill
This is something
How cute
Now thats gona be messy to clean up
Gun powder doesn't smother in water.
The lychee doesn't fall far from the treetree
Maybe you should plant some grass? Just saying.
u/Vredditdownloader
Haha I pictured the old dog saying you're a mess son. For shame.
What breed?
*Sheck Wes Voice*

Mud boy!
Aww they look so happy
u/vredditdownloader
Awwww❤️
Hedgedogs
u/vredditshare
u/vredditdownloader
Caveman dogs
u/vredditshare
u/Vredditdownloader
Wish dogs can talk. Wanna hear their explanation
u/vredditdownloader
u/vredditdownloader
Very toasted marshmallows
As a person who owns an extremely fluffy dog, I can confirm that something like this is a pain in the butt to clean up.
I don't want to imagine having to clean them lmfao
awww look at that floppy ear
do i recognise a cute samoyed under all that mud? <3
Good day!!!
Looks like a good time!
My lab had puppies and when we let them out they come back covered in mud
❤️
Omg soooooo cute
u/vredditdownloader
141k dawm
u/vredditdownloader
I just want to cuddle them so hard...after they've been hosed off!
I’ve seen this same dog before.
Jeese is thiz the most upvoted post ever?
Awwwwww
Smol cloud and chonk cloud
Their loyalty and lack of self-awareness are both really endearing. Hi, we're home! Huh? Is something wrong?
Alpha doggo
I chuckled with joy
The first was is afraid if an angry hooman 
The second one is like "that's right I'm here bitch"
u/vredditdownloader
lmfao. they are like "what? what's the problem here?" xD

"I see some white fur and I want it painted black..." lol
"I'm just a little black rain cloud.." 🎵
Comment
Dirty bois
An outdoor shower would be helpful. So sweet, bet their fur feels divine.
/r/Samoyeds would love to see this,
 
 I can confirm my white Samoyed loves to play in mud and puddles. I can’t waaiiit to see what he looks like when I pick him up from dog day care.

Edit: it’s already cross posted.
They look like piggies!
I can’t stand it. This is my favorite of all times- and I just keep coming back for more!
Looks like you're giving 2 baths today.
Sanders
What a father and son, ha ha!
They had fun
Adorable!
I'm laughing...too funny
This made my day
So cute
I don’t know how many times I’ve upvoted this, but it’s on like every sub and I love it so much.
Awwwwww
Awwwwwwwwwwww
That’s so cute
Ohmygoodness! They’re so adorable! 😍
I love this video
Look at those frosted tips
They look like when you blowtorch whipped cream
Act casual as if nothin had happened
Good luck washing them
I don't know why but this makes me feel a bit sick
Oh my
I thought it was a hog first
Pig lookin like pup
That is so sweet OMG 😯 I just want to give them a bath and wiggle their bellies.😊
Those pandas are super cute!
I dont think the mud is edible
“I’m just a little black rain cloud!” ~ Winnie the Pooh

Full Lyrics: 
I'm just a little black rain cloud
Hovering under the honey tree
I'm only a little black rain cloud
Pay no attention to little me
Everyone knows that a rain cloud
Never eats honey, no, not a nip
I'm just floating around over the ground
Wondering where I will drip
Please wash them
floof
u/vredditdownloader
That's soo cute. I want a mud buddy too!
what breed of dog is this
no matter the size or breed you cant stay mad at them for long :)
u/ternuscat
look mom i'm all dirty :D
My heart literally can’t handle this cuteness!!!
What race is this? 🙈
Malamutes or Samoyeds? I can’t figure it out?
black clouds
Phil and luke from modern family
What breed of pupper are they
That’s not an apple
I’m dying that’s adorable
Just trying to be the final comment here
Lol, he’s a fluffy boi who is cute n cuddly
 u/VredditDownloader
😍😍😍
I thought they were pigs 😂
As much as I hate this I love this.
At least the parents let their kids play and get dirty! 🥰 It makes for happier and healthier kids.
Cute 👍
Big brother is a bad influence. Lol
Omg sooo cuuuteee!! 💕
*dont be suspicious TikTok sound plays*
Heckin good times were had.
You should have credited the video source since this isn’t your content [from TikTok ](https://vm.tiktok.com/gH54KH/)
I’m a little fluff butt ... and dis is my mom! We fluffy!
😂
If these cute dogs covered in mud bothered you for some reason, welcome! You may have r/trypophobia and have just been triggered!
u/vredditdownloader
u/vredditdownloader
The title doesnt make sense
Oh my goodness!
Good to know he is carrying on tradition
... and both fell into a tar pit.
Oh my jeezsus…
I hope they love a goood bath XD
Pwetty
Wow, finally a post tht isn't a "PiBbLe"
[deleted]
