Chosen one confirmed
Love at first sit
no need to apply anymore - she has already adopted you!
As a fellow owner of a quirky cat, I hope you know that that’s a position she’s going to attempt to lay in on you for the rest of her life😂she’s gonna be a great shoulder cat!!
She’s adopted you
That's how I knew which one was mine, he apparently never really interacted with anyone but walked right up and plopped himself in my lap. My first cat and we clicked pretty fast.

Now he's a total dick of course but has his moments. Only regret is not buying a covered litter box at first; it makes the difference between a clean bathroom and covering the floor with litter!
Good on you my man for finding such a great companion. Here’s to a long life full of good health and happiness for the both of you!
She knows
She’s just holding the reservation.
She’s more of a back cat here, but r/shouldercats would love to see her. Congratulations!
Upvote because I have to assume that's Chicago
That is unbearably adorable. Congratulations on being adopted!
I love shoulder cats, my friend had one many years ago, if she liked you she would sit in front of you until you put her on your shoulder or bent down for her to jump on them, usually preferred putting her on cause cat claws hurt, but it was adorable pain so it’s all good lol
She was so thankful
Application pre-approved by Cat.
If I worked at the adoption center, I would tell him to forget the application--just take the cat and scram.
Correction, she adopted you, but has no opposable thumbs, hence you do the paperwork.
"We go home now, crolin88!"
Bear Down!
Both the cats my roommate and I adopted did similar things. 

The first was incredibly friendly when we met her, immediately jumping into my roommates lap, whereas all the other cats we had met that day were scared and cowering away from us. She was super curious about everything, and we adopted her within 5 minutes of meeting her. 

The second, had a “sensitive to handling” tag on his file, and one of the employees of the shelter had a story of how mean he was. However, seeing us through the door, he kept meowing at us, so I went in, and before I could be warned about his “sensitivity,” he stretched up my leg, and I picked him up, snuggling him close to my chest and he purred heavily, as the employee stared at me in disbelief through the door.
This is basically how my my cat acted the day I [adopted her](https://i.imgur.com/MvyBvYf.jpg). She just perched up on my shoulder like a parrot and then fell asleep.
The hooman does not choose the cat. Rather, the cat chooses its hooman.
Holy shit! This blew up! Thank you all for the love!
She is like the seagulls off of nemo- Mine!
Obviously a Bears fan.
YES! 

For anyone adopting a cat...

Treat her well :-)

Lots of fresh water - refresh it at least once every day and keep it away from her food! Most cats are perpetually dehydrated though they hide it well. And cats will drink more if it's not near their food source. It's an instinct. So many problems and so much suffering can be avoided with getting them to drink enough water.

Scoop that litter box at least once every other day. She's got to step around on her own poop and pee. Scoop it.

If you let her outside (which is controversial and even I have mixed feelings on), make sure she has a chip and maybe a collar. Maybe with a bell, as much as it'll frustrate them when they try to hunt.

Vet check-ups - do it. Have her teeth cleaned regularly. Treats and kibble don't cut it, no matter what they say about cleaning teeth. Again, teeth cleaning leads to longer, happier, healthier lives, and less suffering. CATS ARE THE BEST AT HIDING HEALTH PROBLEMS - DON'T LET HER.

Play every day. Stimulate her mind. Let her flex those hunting instincts. Lasers aren't great. Besides potential eye problems, lasers are frustrating because they don't allow the reward of catching something.

Don't declaw her. I declawed mine and I hate myself for it. Never again. Fuck the sofa; this cat is a living being. It's so sad when they think they're grabbing their "prey" but can't.

Feed her wet food. First, there's the moisture aspect - cats need so much more water than most get. Second, they are obligate carnivores. They would eat mostly protein and fat in the wild. Occasional greens aren't bad as a digestive aid, of course.

Don't let her eat chives or any sort of onion! And no aloe plant. If in doubt about a house plant, look it up. Look up all of them! Cats like to munch on green things but don't know when it may cause kidney failure. Plant some cat grass - it's so easy to grow.

Thank you for taking the time to read this.

All of this advice applies to male cats too.
I’m digging the Chicago flag cat pillow.
I have two cats and two dogs, and I adopted all four from shelters. I also foster and people call me when they find a stray, I’m *that* poor sap. I ALWAYS tell people, let your pet pick you. Go to the shelter, meet them all. But if you want yours to be as awesome as mine, pick your pet based on personality, not looks. Who cares what it looks like when it loves you like this?
“Would you like a bag sir?”  “No, I’ll wear it out”
“o human u have paperwork to do first? ok let me know if u need anything. ❤️😴”
Already asleep and content. OP is a lucky dude!
The cat I adopted straight climbed on my back at the shelter as I was walking by his cage. I hadn’t even really started looking at the cats yet. I figured he picked me so I went with it. Lol.
"DIBS"
Go Bears!
That's how I knew my kitty was meant to be mine. I walked in the  cat room at the cat only shelter, sat down and Joey (He was not Joey then...his name was Eyebrow for his marking) immediately made a beeline for me. He was only about a pound or so and so little...he zipped into my lap, up my shirt, snuggled into my neck and refused to let go.

We signed the papers with Joey on my neck. He protested being put in the box to go home so loudly, I ended up sitting in the back seat with him back on my neck purring like a madman and  no loud yells at all.

With my husband at the same time, a little cat about Joey's size and age looked at him and proceeded to not let him out of her sight.  She followed him around the room, and as soon as Kiki got the chance up his leg she went and into his arms and she never left :)
Cute cat. 

Go Bears.
So sweet, go Bears!
Watch out! A cat did this to me once at a shelter and I adopted him and had him for 11 years! He was a great kitty and I loved him a ton!
That's cool.  While I like dogs also.  I've always owned cats for various reasons.  One being that forming a strong bond with a cat can be much more difficult than with a dog.  So when you do it's a very rewarding feeling.

It makes it all the more amazing that this cat immediately cozied up to it's new owner.  Very cool to see.
Dah bears.

 Dah kitty
Awww..too cute.

Side note:  Go have your back/neck/spine checked out.  My neighbour's cat did the same to him and he had crippling back pain and headaches.  The cat laid on the area, mewing and pressing.  He had X-rays and scans and found a benign tumour pressing on the spine.  All removed, all ok.  Animals know these things.  I'm not saying you have it, but just check it out.
The beginning of a wonderful life. This made me smile!
"I home nao."
I think she chose you! Good for you both.
Is that a Chicago flag pillow? Hmm... Clybourn? Is it PAWS?
/r/mapswithnewzealand
SHOUT OUT TO WINDY KITTY CAT CAFE IN CHICAGO! I volunteered there for a while and they’re awesome. Check out their amazon wishlist!
You’ve been claimed, OP. Congratulations.
Dude mine will not leave me alone. You’re her mother now. You fucked up in a great way.
Yea this is great. I already thought it was mutual with adoptions ( I know it was for me every time) but to see it happen to others is great. Congrats and that cutie and you look great together. Post updates!
Go bears
You've been chosen
You’re the chosen one ❤️❤️❤️
Yay for shoulder cats!
How can she sign ur adoption paper when she’s asleep?
She said ‘this one is NOT leaving without me’
You’re applying for her to adopt you.
 You didn't adopt her, she claimed you, a stray off the street, and now you must show your gratitude by a lifetime of being her slave. Haha Seeing this level of bound is amazing!
That's how it works. People don't own cats, they choose to tolerate humans of their choice.

When we went to the shelter to see the kittens, there was a little black kitty with extra toes. We asked to meet her, and were told by the lady working the adoptions "don't be offended if she doesn't like you, she's very shy and not the friendliest kitten"...

She was super wrong. She was purring, and rubbing her head on our hands, and sniffing our faces, and curling up in our laps. Unfortunately, we went after work, and it was too late to get the paperwork and her chip done, so we had to leave her. The look on her face "I thought we had a deal, man..."

Next morning, we were there when they opened. She was happy to see us. Brought her home, and she was all purrs the whole way home. She's our ninja kitten. Baby Nebula.
Hey! A fellow Bears fan! BEAR DOWN!
I LOVE cats... even more than dogs. They are absolute amazing bundles of joy. I had a cat that I adopted. She soon ended up with the nickname "fur-brat" due to the vibes she gave off with her personality. 

However, that changed three months later when her and I moved out of my parent's house. In the year and a half that followed, a lot of shit went down an my mental health began to spiral. 

Now, most days Monkey (her actual name), was a free spirited cat who roamed the appartment and wouldn't let anyone hold her. She was pleasant, but never held still long enough for you to hold her, let alone pick her up. 

There was one exception. If I was having a bad day, all sense of free-spirited independence went out the window. She would sleep on my lap. She'd let me pick her up and cuddle her. If I tried to put her off my bed, she would immediately jump right back up in my arms. When I got super depressed (the worst it ever got), she took to treating me like an oversized kitten as opposed to "thing that dispenses food". There were a few nights, I even woke up to her "cleaning" my hair. 

I know it seems dramatic, but that cat probably saved my life. When I felt like absolute shit, and was pretty much convinced no one cared about me, my cat was there to remind me that I did in fact matter.
She's just claiming her newfound territory
Why are cats at adoption centers so sweet? Do they train them?
Is this catcade on Belmont? Also congrats on your new friend!
r/shouldercats
Is this at PAWS in Lincoln Park?
Yup. That's how they get ya.
I really hope they let you walk out with her right there and then. So she doesn't feel like she's being abandoned. She does not want to go back into her little kennel. She has found home in you.
Ya, your souls were destined for one another! Enjoy the many years of love
You are chosen! Congratulations 🎉❣️! You win working hard so I can sleep and lick myself all day! You're welcome 😘!
she chose you...
Thank you for adopting her!!
Paperwork always comes in second to the agreements of the heart
She knew.
So adorable!! Congrats, you'll be a great catdad :)
Be prepared for forced cuddles like this during toilet time. Sometimes it's fun, but sometimes I got scratched while pooping.
Thank you for adopting and giving her a second chance to love and be loved
awww reminds me when i adopted my cat, she was playing with some other cats and then stopped and walked over to me meowing
"This is what all the other cats were talking about. HUUUMAN."
That is so wonderful!  You are awesome for adopting this kitty😍.
Couldn't help but notice the pillow next to you. That's a great play on the Chicago flag!
Yep. That's your cat now.
Welcome to your life for the next however many years you have her!

You've adopted a half cat half scarf. 😉
When they know, they know.
This is how my dog chose me. I sat with the puppies and she claimed me and fell asleep.
This is exactly how I selected my two, I picked the ones that came and sat on me in the kitten enclosure. They just happened to be sisters!
You have been chosen!
Hell of a saleswoman, that kitty
She knows she has to seal the deal. And keep any other kitties away until it’s done.
Smart cat!!!
She chose you :)

So sweet
Awww
You do not adopt the cat, the cat adopts you. Cats do not see you as their "owner" they see you as a scratch giver and food supplier
You don’t choose a cat. The cat chooses you.
I've been around and dealt with animals long enough (both cats and dogs as well as farm animals) and animals are very intelligent and seem to have a "sixth" sense when it comes to humans. 

That cat instinctively knew you were an amazing person full of love and that's why she was comfortable climbing up on you. It's a really special feeling and a unique bond when an animal comes up to you and instinctively trusts you.

That cat loves you and will provide you with decades of love and affection. You're a very lucky guy -- make sure you treat her well and give her lots of love and affection (and treats occasionally!)
Mask covering the nose and adopting a pet, guy knows how to human.
You didn't adopt her she adopted you first.
Reminds me of our cat, who we had for 7 years before he passed.  My wife and I were outside with our little kids playing in the front yard when he just came over. He was so friendly, especially with the kids, and Of course the kids wanted to keep him but I said hell no he’s a stray and prob has too many issues.  But he just wouldn’t go away and stayed with our kids like he knew and was like, nope I choose you hoomans

Finally I gave in, we took him to the vet and he got a clean bill of health. He was also house trained as well.  Likely someone left him behind or he was lost for a while.  (He did not have any ID and we ask all throughout the neighborhood)

7 years later and 2 dogs later, he’s still my favorite pet ever.  When he died last year of old age (he was an adult when we found him) I cried and I hardly ever cry.
Congratulations to your new cat, who has a new human to own
She's adopting you.
they always pick their owners good choice
cat “this is our thing, we do this this now”
I don't think that in the history of cats, a person has even chosen a cat. The cat always picks the person.
i think you’re mistaken, she adopted you not the other way around
While you applied to get adopted*

Edit: while*
She knew.
Is this Windy Kitty Cafe in Chicago?! 🥰😻
I'm gonna need a follow up to this
She knew! :D
Aw, she adopted you!
“Dis my human”
I salute you sir
Thank you for adopting an adult cat!
You have been weighed. You have been measured. And you have been found ... purrrrfect.
She said.. it’s very simple people.. he’s MINE!!!!  Like the seagulls in Finding Nemo... MINE MINE MINE MINE MINE MINE MINE !! ❤️❤️❤️
Went in to the shelter, my first day looking for a cat after finally having a place that would allow pets. Did a round and none of the cats interacted with me except one. A skinny tortie who had been sitting in the back of her cage. She walked right up to the front of her cage, sat down, and looked me right in the eye. 

They brought her to a room where we could get to know each other. She immediately rubbed against my legs and purred, looking up at me. She picked me. She was my best friend for 15 years.
I mean, how can they say no after this? Obviously the cat wants him too!!
Yep she’s yr cat
Wholesome content
Hippidie hoppody im on your backady and now your stuckady
That’s awesome. I hope you bring each other many years of happiness.
I don’t know guys who like cats? It’s a little weird 😈. But really she just was let free after 90 days in a cage. I would crawl on him as well, then ask for a burger and fries.
You are the Chosen
Bro tell me she came home with you! She knows what your doing for her and she's loving you
I had a cat that climbed up on my shoulders, she had to be put down a few weeks ago, due to some internal problems. This brought a smile to my face.
My cat Arkham did this to me when I adopted him, he was a kitten and just CLAWED his way up my torso onto my neck. He’s a good boi.
<3  La forza del destino! <3  You look like you'll gonna get along well together in the rest of your mutual lives! <3
Happy tears for both of you😹
She called dibs
Claimed!
Awww, she is so gorgeous!! You lucky man!
The love of an animal that's hit rock bottom.
She chose you 🥺
This is my human now.
My ferret did this when I got her, everything felt right
Where can I buy a kitty Chicago flag pillow?!
She chose you!
So you got adopted. 


Nice
That's proof that animals know when you adopt them.
PAWS Chicago?
You are a good person.
I think she applied to adopt you too. 😄
Just Lovely!
She definitely chose you.
That one’s a keeper!
That cat adopted you, trust me I had a cat adopt me before.
Happy adoption! 😁
One of my cats did this to me when i adopted her and I just want to warn you it’s a god damn trick. You get home then all of a sudden it’s the mom show.
Good thing you were applying for her, because there is no way you were leaving without that cat.
Which one did you choose?
I swear it's like they know
Guy: Hi. Your mine. Cat: Ha. No. Your mine.
Oh you chose well. Her too.
Aw
Ohh my heart. I do love me some kitties
That’s just proof she belongs to you
Don’t be confused. The CAT adopted the human.
That's a friend for life, friend.

That's what my little buddy CJ did too. Either on my chair or on my shoulder while I played games or watched shows. I miss him everyday, give that little one some head boops for me. Enjoy your forever friend.
*can't... fill out....forms.... fast enough....agh!*
You have been chosen ❤️❤️
She wasn’t taking any chances.
That's how they get you...
The wand chooses the wizard, Harry
The kitty cat has chosen you!  Enjoy every moment!
Damn that is some trust level. Had mine for almost a year and she hates when I put her on my shoulder.
Clearly, you made the right decision.
It’s always nice when the cat chooses you
Cute!!!! Just adopted our third boy today!  Hope all goes well for you and your new family member.
The Egyptians were onto something, I think.  Cats fucking *know* things, man.  Things they have no reason to know.
That's just fantastic! Good for you Man, I hope a magical relationship follows
Is that the Windy Kitty Cat Cafe?! That’s where I adopted my two furballs!
Take my upvote... I might go cry meow
You are good human. Thank you
You’re such a good person you deserve a cat that loves you so quickly 😍
This is my human. There are many like him, but this one is mine. My human is my best friend.
“You’re not leaving without me”
I think you were the one adopted 💕
Floofing adorable
She chose you!
She's yours.
Aww.. he/she definitely loves you!
^(C a t)
She choose you!
Sick hat bro
definitely a keeper
The cat is so relaxed! Mine does the same thing when it lays on my bed, completely flattens out lol.
get her
She’s adorable
This is the ONLY content I want to see right now. Congratulations on your new best buddy!
I had a similar experience. I went into the cat enclosure and sat on the floor while the cats played around me. I asked the attendant about one cat who didn’t come out, just stayed curled up in an alcove. The attendant replied ‘she’s stopped coming out at all lately, she’s been here a long time and we think she’s become profoundly depressed’. Not long after she quietly got up, timidly padded over to me and climbed into my lap.
Thats love :)
I had a similar experience. I didn’t go anywhere to adopt but I had found my pup in a FB group. The first time I met her she fell asleep on me, at just 5 weeks. I knew right then and there she was the one for me and she obviously chose me and knew I was hers.
you didn’t adopt her, she adopted you
so cute
ᴏᴍɢ sᴏᴏᴏ ᴄᴜᴛᴇ!
"Dibs"

- Cat
Cat cafe in wicker park??
A lifetime of awwwwws ahead!
She knew.
She's home.
Congratulations! My kitty runs the fuck away from me when I attempt to pet her!
She’s a keeper! 💕
That's the Good Housekeeping Seal of Approval
This is my human.  Hurry up and fill out the application so we can go home.
That IS the application procees
I think the choice was confirmed before the paperwork.
Looks like you got picked
I have 2 cats, my wife has two, and one we share.  All 3 of mine picked me out.

Firefly was in a cage while I was looking at boy kittens.  I got near her cage and  she reached out and grabbed my shoulder.  I fell in love immediately.  She's a dark color cat except orange and white rings around the tip of her tail.

Alex was in the Cat Colony room at the shelter.  I was looking for an adult cat and he just wouldn't leave me alone.  To my surprise, this big 13 pound cat turned out to be just 11 months old.  He's over 18 now.

I visited my sister a couple years ago and her cat had a litter maybe 2 months old.  The whole time I was there, this one little blue kitty kept constantly chewing on my hand.  I did NOT need another cat.  It wasn't even my turn to pick one.  But we brought Gandalf home with us.  I think he's got some serious digestive issue, because he's always hungry, throws up if he eats dry cat food and doesn't have a notion of "other people's food".
Hope you got to walk right out and not need to wait.

 I wouldn't be able to leave without her.
u/aadv123
So adorable and happy for you ❤️
This makes me happy.  Thank you for giving a home to a kitty in need.
You don’t choose kittie. He choose you
Oh, good!  She found her person!
Looks like you have adopted a shoulder cat!
Congrats and have a nice life with her!
Wow, talk about "meant to be"....❤️
I'm not crying, you are!
That Chicago flag cat pillow right next to this dude on the couch is THE SHIT!!!
Adopt older cats and dogs. They deserve to live out their final years in a kind setting.
Shoulder cats are the best! He looks very happy to be with you!
You were chosen
My hooman. Go get your own.
What a babey 🥺
My cat Rufio used to do this and nead my back. I fucking miss you buddy.
At that point you shouldn’t even have to apply! I’m a firm believer in “we don’t choose pets, they choose us”. My dad had heard that I wanted a cat and our neighbor needed to get rid of theirs. He just sprung it on me - like, “Hey, when we get home you’re gonna have a cat”. I was upset at first, wanted to pick my own ya know? But my god, that sweetie is the greatest thing that ever happened to me. 100% saved me too, wanted to end it but suddenly being responsible for another life, now I can’t imagine a day without him.

TL;DR: Pets pick us, not the other way around.
Looks like your found a new best friend
My friend had a habit of taking in strays. Two of which had kittens at the same time. I went to visit for the weekend, with the intention of taking one one. The one I chose was a really pretty butterscotch tabby floof. 

But all weekend ... every time I turned around, there was this little black guy behind me. Spent three nights - all three night was woken up by this little black poof purring away on my chest. Or back. Or head. Or wherever. 

When it was time to go home, we couldn’t find the butterscotch one anywhere.  But there was the little black one, right on my heels the whole time. He was technically promised to someone else - but he went home with me!! He passed in 2013 but is still my lock screen. That cat was my soul mate with the best personality ever.
she’s making sure there aren’t any take-backs 😂
My buddy Fang did that. He picked me.  14 yrs later still mutual admiration. He's a jerk but he's my good boy.
She was yours the minute you two saw each other
She has adpoted you. Congratations
You’ve been adopted
Meant to be
She’s found her favorite person.
You are blessedly ❤️
Welcome to your mooch!  Hearts and lots of them!!!!
Easily explained - she mistook you for a keyboard  


Very cute...  she's not letting you go!  Happy mog ownership! 😻
I'm actually crying a bit because this reminds me of my cat I just lost recently. He used to lay on me like that sometimes.
Omg we're on the map!  NZ is on the map!  We're a bit wonky, but we're there!  

WE DID IT, EVERYONE!
May I just say that’s a very nice pet adoption facility
If that isn't kismet I don't know what is.
I went to a Chinese place and that happen to me too....
You are clearly meant for each other!!
Just making sure the seat is good before she buys it
Soulmates.
Im afraid she adopted you :\]
Congratulations on being chosen. 💕
Cutie hath chosen
I'd say that cat is thanking you for the adoption.
My cat, Rory, lept into my arms when I met her, immediately filled out the forms.

You'll never forget this moment.
Cute cat but I like that chair!
Cat cafe in Chicago! I loved it there. Especially the kitten pen.
she knew where her home is
I absolutely love this!! At least you know you made the right decision!! Enjoy the cuddles!
Very rare when pet bonds with you after just meeting
Love is a language even animals can understand.
Not to take away from the OP and his new kitten, but I really liked the Chicago/cat flag pillow behind him.
100k people: "I want a cat on me. Why isn't there a cat on me right now"
Everyone's cooing about the cat but here I am grateful that you're wearing a mask 👍
This is adorable. You saved this fella’s life. What name did you choose?

I am surprised there isn’t a Chicago cats subreddit yet. r/chicat or something that?
You're in Chicago
You have been chosen.
It was meant to be :)
Is this windy kitty cafe in Chi?
Awww, she claimed you.
It appears she has adopted you, kind sir.
It was meant to be.
We were going to look at kittens with my daughter’s dad and I repeatedly said we weren’t getting one.  This little stripey guy sat and stared at me until I picked him up and then proceeded to fall asleep stretched out across my chest.  Needless to say, we took him home.
ADOPT HER FASTER YOU ARE HER CHOOSEN ONE
This is how you know.

I begged my husband for our first kitten. I'd never had one and was desperate for a pet. He hemmed and hawed and set goal dates ("Maybe by Christmas?"). Then I came across a litter of some of the cutest creatures I'd ever seen in my life online. 

I showed him a picture of what turned out to be our kitten and he sighed, "I guess we can meet her."

When we got there, I was 100% in love. He was resigned to adopting her. Then I was pulled aside for paperwork and I put her in his lap. She immediately fell asleep strewn across his lap. She was so small - the size of his hand. I turned around and he was giving her the most loving stare. When he looked up at me, he said, "Okay, I love her now. I'm done."

Four years later and he's still madly in love with her and she loves him more than me.
She adopted you!
Excuse me but I think you’re confused about who’s doing the adopting here.

Edit: spelling.
This was exactly why I decided to adopt my boy.

I sat in the middle of the kitty play area at my local SPCA, still unsure if I should commit.

He came up to me, climbed up to my shoulder and just chilled.

It was at that moment I realised it was too late.

He's now almost 4 years old and loves hiding in boxes.
She's trying to show others that she's reserved
oh my, what a beautiful sweetheart! is this at windy kitty?
Cherish her, OP. A cat that picks you as their human is bound to have endless and unconditional love for you forever.
You are one lucky guy and that is one lucky kitten❤️
The cat chooses the hooman Mr. Potter
She is definitely your cat.
"Hi dad"
So adorable
Yay Chicago!
Man I hate cats so much. Unless it's my cat, or my friend's cat. Or if I have been around the cat for a while, then I suppose if it's friendly we could be "acquaintances on good terms". Or if, like, I see the cat being cool, or cute... or if the cat is hungry, or sad, or happy, or content, or indifferent even. Or like in that video where the cat defends that toddler.. Sometimes I think about a cat and it makes me happy I guess. 

Man I love cats so much.
99.9% sure this is at Windy Kitty on North ave in Chicago.
That’s a tactical move right there. That’s a, if you go anywhere I go with you. She’s a clever one. You had no choice in this. Enjoy your new kitty overlord.
Both of my adopted kitties did this. It's so great when they choose you! The first one meowed nonstop and followed me as much as he could in his enclosure. I had been looking for a kitten, but asked to see him since the staff said he was usually shy. He jumped into my arms and wouldn't let me put him down to do paperwork.  Years later, I decided to get a kitten to keep my first cat company and encourage him to play and exercise more. An orange polydactyl kitten mewed constantly and got really excited whenever I came by. I took him out to visit and he suckled (prematurely separated from his mother) my nose as much as he could. He put up a fight when it came time for the carrier, refusing to let go of me. He wanted me to carry him everywhere for weeks. Now the first cat is more independent, but the second one is full grown and still has separation anxiety when he can't see me.
This happened to me once! Little black cat. Brought her home and she was a smart little brat who adored me. She suddenly passed away after 6mo of me having her. Paid thousands at the vet and she was gone before they could perform the surgery. She was only a year old and only in my life for 6 months but had a massive impact on me. I was devastated.
Is this from the Anti cruelty society on Lasalle?
Put another pillow on your bed above your head, she will want to sleep there. Also, do not use cheap margarine containers to feed her. That plastic can cause an acne like reaction in cats.  Even melamine.  So ceramic, glass or metal bowls are best! I would also say bamboo, but canned cat food has something in it that etches bamboo bowls.
You got it wrong. You got adopted :)
Congratulations.  You are now furniture.
YOU have been adopted 😍
A similar story, but it's a cockatiel, not a cat
I had always wanted either a cockatoo or a cockatiel since I was a kid. One day I was going to Petco to get some food for my doggo and i saw this cockatiel in a cage bobbing its head at me! It was too cute so I bought him immediately along with some bird food, a bird cage, and bird toys. 
It bobs its head at me all the time now! (Except when I am training it which is extremely easy) ita been about a year and it feels like it was already trained!
Shoulder cats are best cats.
Well if this isn’t the sweetest cat ever. Best of luck thanks for saving the sweet baby!
Please tell us if you are approved! I’m so invested now and worried something will go wrong!😰
That's how your visits to the toilet will look like from now on!
"The wand chooses the wizard, Harry"
OMG! Be still my beating heart! I’m tearfully loving this beautiful post. She is yours forever. Her mind is made up! Thank you for doing such a great thing not only for kitty, but for yourself as well. The love you’ll receive in return last’s and warms your heart so much. It’s that kinda cool love you can only get from a pet.
I'm digging that Chicago flag cat pillow!
You're now her future slave.
Kitty cat is now officially yours :)
Can't fill out paperwork with cold neck and shoulders....nope, can't be having that. This kitty really knows his stuff.
awww what a sweetie is this in Chicago
This is exactly what my cat Whiskey did!! That’s how I knew!
So one week later, this cutie still doing this in her new forever home??
This is the sweetest thing I’ve ever seen!!!
Is that one of those cat cafes?
Nice bears hat! Bear down!
Dude!!!!!!! Nice hat!!!! And cat!!!! Go bears!!!
Cuteness with fur!
Beautiful ❤️
Awwww!!
So sweet.
Ooh a heated mattress!
You have been chosen.
Awwww she chose you!
True love.
You are the chosen one.
Ugh my heart
Most chics dont dig hairy backs on dudes. This may be an exceptional exception.
Would be kinda awkward if you were adopting another one.
I love her! And she clearly loves you!
She just knew..💞
Oh my goodness the cuteness 🤩
It’s was meant to be.
She adopted you!
r/thisismylifenow
I love this
Let us know if you’re approved!
Meant to be!
Thanks for the best thing I’ve seen today!
If only there was some way she could let us know she liked you... maybe one day.
Lucky hooman!
"I have found my throne"
So cute!
What a beautiful scarf! Don’t forget to feed it
I like to think this is what its like when the wand choses the wizard.
Meant to be!
Cats choose their humans :)
She’s a keeper 😊
You got that backwards bud. She climbed up on you while you applied to be adopted by her. 

Looks like the approval process was a breeze.
nice hat
My little girl does this every day as I work or play video games. It’s her favorite spot and she’s like my parrot
Well it’s a done deal then, huh!? It was meant to be!! Super sweet
You must now stay seated like this until kitty wakes up!
It looks more like you're filling out the paperwork for her adoption of you.
Yep. That will do it.
Looks like sh as adopted you.
I guess that was settled
ITS A TRAP!!!! it will turn into devil spawn the second you get it home.
Rakkasan?
Aweeee, how sweet.
You are good human
You got some nice eyelashes bro. No homo
Is that on Belmont?
Gimme
You thought you were sealing the deal, but really it was the other way around.
cat
Awwww this just brightened my entire day
Is this PAWS in Chicago?  Wonderful shelter.  Also, FTP!
Awe.
Well isn’t that just frickin adorable
You mean when she decided you are worthy of her?
Well. They can't possibly deny your application now, can they!
I'm not sure, but I think she likes you.
Dis my hooman. I'm takinz him home.
What a wonderful feeling to be picked by both parties 😊
Bear down!
Gimme that cat
Bear down!
That pillow makes me think it’s Chicago. I’m also in Chicago and looking to adopt. Where did you go?
Sometimes they choose you.
"Would you like a box for that?" "No thanks, I'll wear it home"
What hat is that
Home already!
If I fits.
I sits.
You never pick a cat, they’ll always pick you.
Is that Windy Kitty Café in Chicago?
Is this from one of those cat cafes? I adopted my cat from one and it was such a neat place. They received cats from the humane society every Tuesday and cats that were going to be adopted had a blue mark on their collar and could be picked up on Tuesday when they get more cats. I think they do this because they want at least 16 cats in the room at once if I remember correctly. They had a bar though! My fiancé and I both had a bourbon and ginger while we adopted our cat Kevin. I think these cat cafes are such a good idea. And you dont even have to adopt, you can just go in, order a drink, and pet kittens (for $12)
Did she decide to lay on you before or after you decided to adopt her?? I really wanna know.
This is basically the cat version of Shutter (2008)
Just making sure you take the right cat home.
I had a cat do this to me before I adopted him. That was first and last time that ever happened. Yes I did adopt him. He tricked me lol! Good boy tho
Bear Down
This is what I needed
Man, now I want a shoulder cat.... My little.... Actually.. Big buddy had to be left at home 500 miles away with family.. (my cat grew up there and loves my family. It didn't feel right taking him with me :(.  But, he's a super happy cat. I gotta go see him and the fam soon.
That's the cutest thing!!
*you have been chosen, you are the chosen one*
So... did your application get approved!?
Uh hi, do you mind if I just wear this one out?
This is exactly how my cat adopted me as well. While I was looking to pick out a kitty he climbed over the other kitty and climbed on to my shoulder. Really glad he did, he's been a delight to have around.
Very cute! Now Bear 🐻⬇️ down little kitty!!!!! 🐱
“You are mine now”
Windy kitty cat cafe! This place is wonderful! So glad you found a furry friend to share your life with!
You are now a Disney princess!
You've been chosen.
You can't move until she wakes up.
PAWS Chicago?
Aww!! She knew you were the one!
YOU ARE THE CHOSEN ONE, SIT BENEATH ME HUMAN. NOW CARRY ME TO THY NEW KINGDOM...
That lil cutie has impressed upon you.
Ohh, my heart 😭
Cute
She/he found you.
Yup. Your hers now!
I want a cat but my SO is allergic to their dandruff :((
Congratulations!  You have been chosen.
You dont get to choose, you have been chosen by the Cat.
“Dis my person.”
We don't pick cats, cats pick us.
Which one came first, the climb or the application haha?
Post under cute guys with cats. So loved already.
Best thing I’ve seen all day, needed this!!
gotta love cats 🐱
😭😭😭😭
awww, you're her person and she knew. Love cats🥰
Please tell me they approved your application?
You are the chosen one. It is a great 🎖
Sealing the deal right there
You are hers.
It was a match made in quarantine
Bear Down
Meant to be. Love at first sight! Awwwww!
People only think they pick a cat; cats pick their people and she has chosen him as her person.
You're owned already. No need foe paperwork. You're her human now. Aww
That is just so freaking adoable.
the philippines is missing from that map behind u
Made clout for having nz on the map
Ahh I miss Windy City kitty
Cat: thank you human! You are now mine! Mine! Will just sleep here on you now!
nice hat
I guess that means she approves!!
Seriously amazing feeling when you’re chosen by a cat. Wishing you many years of play, purrs and love!
Cats adopt you
You have been chosen to be worthy.
Adorable!
I’m getting one today too!!!
Upvote for the Bears fan. Bear Down.
Everyone, meet Ditka.
Bear down!
Looks like a great start!
Adoption papers are merely a formality at this point.
The application really became a formality at that point
One of my cats I adopted just cuz she had been at the shelter the longest (3 years- since she was a kitten!) 

And she was kind of distant at first but now she follows me EVERYWHERE like I have to close her in my room to get some alone time. She likes to sleep ontop of me.
Bear Down!
Chicago?

The one downtown?

Got my kitty from there too a long time ago
Wait till that noodle runs all over the house at 3 in ther morning knocking down stuff.
“Ok hooman, just finish the paperwork so we can go home”
Bruh is that a Chicago flag pillow with cats? Bruh where do I cop
I had to fill out the paperwork while my mom was in the other room with the kitten that chose her. 

I miss them both terribly but they really bonded and helped each other through the time they had together. And in a way their bond made me kinda jealous so I got my own kitten. Now he's one of my best friends and I can't imagine life without him.
My friends found a cat in their alley and were looking for a home for him. I went over to hang and he immediately nestled into my shoulder and fell asleep. Crash is now my best friend and I would do anything for him. We don't deserve cats.
Reminds me of the moment my cat made the decision on adoption for me, about three years ago.  https://i.imgur.com/2ZCD2EX.jpg
Is that the Anti-Cruelty Society in Chicago? It looks like it. That's where I adopted my first cat.
Those type of cats are very affectionate, you can never go wrong.
“Excuse me, can I have a tissue. This iPad is somehow covered in my tears”
I hope you are comfortable sitting in that position. Your new owner will expect her fleshy furniture to be patient while she is resting.
Welp you just got adopted by her. You’ve been chosen. This is the way.
Upvote first adopting the cat. Wish I could give a second for the Bears hat. Bear Down! FTP!
My comment will drown in this sea of text OP, but I have a torbi much like this one, likely will be very playful, affectionate but set limits of they’ll take you for everything you have: keyboard, tables/counters, beds/pillows - nowhere and nothing is safe unless you set limits. We love our torbi, but, Do. Not. Spoil. Them.
Yey!
ABC
Always
Be
Closin
Claimed!
total adorables
She’s so cute! On a side note I also have that hat.
Hey it's my boys twin! https://imgur.com/UNxM8So.jpg
This is how I adopted my cat he sat in my lap as I played with other cats. The adoption guy blocked other people from getting him while I was there. Best cat ever had
You’ve been chosen. Lucky you!
She wanted you too! How cute!
Had the exact same thing happen. Went into the cat room to see who would be receptive to me and sitting just like you, this little guy climbed right up on my legs and then up on my shoulders. I didn't need to look any further.
Is this the cat cafe in Wicker Park, Chicago?
Surprisingly enough it wasn't the bears hat that told me this was Chicago, but the Chicago flag pillow with cats instead of stars...
They know what they’re doing. My dog has been a lap dog precisely once in her life. It was when I chose her. She lay on my lap and fell asleep. Cutest thing ever. Took her home and any attempt to pick her up or cuddle her was met with much resistance! Hope you enjoy your new cat x
She looks so much like one of my cats.
And she found her guardian !
She has made her claim and the Gods have spoken!!!!!     ( Sounds of thunder)
I hope she got to go home with you right away because it really should have been her filling out the adoption form for going home with you since she chose you!  How cool!  I miss having a cat.  I have a great dog!  And a dog door which makes having a cat dangerous.
Yep,  you have been chosen
She wanted to make sure you didn’t change your mind and leave without her
Is this Windy City cat cafe?
Omg my cat did the same thing! That’s how you know you are friends for life
I CAN'T STOP SCREAMING THIS IS SO CCCUUUUUUTEEE
You have been chosen.
Clearly she apprrrrrrrrroves!
I would adopt her too
Nice
If I fits, I sits
Cat cafe on belmont? I love looking at the kitties playing in the window!
Meant to be
[Windy Kitty Cat Cafe](https://www.windykittychicago.com/) for anyone curious

&#x200B;

Edit: Included link
When they know, they know.
my heart is about to explode.
You have been chosen..... 🐾
You are the chosen one
What hat are you wearing though?
Played you.
 chosen one 😊
You've been chosen.
APPLICATION DENIED - aww fuck
how old is she? cute
"This is my hooman. There are many, but this one is mine."
Please tell me you got her!
Did you get to take her home?!
Looks like you didn’t have a choice in the matter!
windy kitty in chicago??
Hold on right there. SHE adopted you, not the other way around.
Meant to be! :-)
Exactly how I got my flood♥️
y
Windy kitty cafe! That place is really wonderful. Congrats on your kitty!
It's settled, you have been chosen.
Mine.
Love at first nap ❤❤❤
Definitely a great sign! Congrats OP!
You know what cats say, “a sucker is born every minute.”
It was meant to be!
Its a^trap
Reminds me of my tabby, Lando. Still beaten up from his time before rescue, sporting bald spots and healing scars from tumors being removed, he gingerly climbed out of his cage and directly into my lap as I was sitting on the ground in front of his cage. Laid there for a nap as I filled out the paperwork and the next time he moved was to go to my car for the ride home. Thank you for adopting!
You have been chosen..
You have been chosen!
You have been chosen.
You got it wrong - you were adopted.
Is that Windy Kitty? The people who work there are so nice!
Joe "all cats are straight murders man." Rogan
“Hey can you put this cat on me while I fill out this paperwork? Also film it?

“Why?”

“Just fucking do it”
[*No. It's your cat now...*](https://getyarn.io/yarn-clip/12518eca-5355-4370-b0f9-88c646af6519)
My mans looking like he’s about to hack into some ctOS system and expose some corrupt cops and politicians all the while adopting this little cutiepie
The chosen one
Awwww she/he chose u
What cat cafe is this??
chosen one
Looks like she’s adopting you.
Found my cat!
You got it wrong. You were the one that was adopted. Lol
it knew
I miss it. Try to head out every few years to get the food and sports and such...
Aww, she found her hooman.  My Barry did the same thing... and he’s still my big, good boy.
OMG THE START OF A BEAUTIFUL FRIENDSHIP
it was always meant to be.
Omg, too cute!
This cat could tell you make great choices by the Bears cap you’re wearing.
Looks just like my Ed, who makes me laugh everyday. Enjoy your new human mr Cat!
Congrats on your new family member. Also, Bear Down!
Meant to be!
You have been chosen. What a cute pic.
You don't choose cats. Cats choose you. This is just proof.
I just got this kitten off the street. Poor thing is only 10 months old. First bight I got her into the house she did this and it melted my heart.
You don't adopt a cat, they adopt you.
She chose you!
Animals know what's up.
When u know u know
He is the chosen one
Go Bears! (And kitty bears)
Ok I feel like I've been here before....is this in Chicago?
oh hey OP stop that, I'm getting teary eyed at work !
Is this the cat cafe in Wicker Park?
The Bears, still, suck.

And congrats
r/thisismylifenow 

Legally, you can't move
This post couldn’t be more Chi-town if you tried!!
Nice to see New Zealand on the World Map
Yes, you belong to her now. 🧡
I like that too said "adopt" and not "rescue".
PAWS?
What a good kitty. My tabby has been doing the same thing since 3 months old, and never grew out of it, even at 13lbs. Barely fits these days but he is happy there.
Looks like she adopted you first.
not a cat, but when i went to the shelter to possibly adopt a dog, my dog was there. he remembered us from the event the shelter took him to a couple days before. in the shelter, he went right up to the cage to let us pet him through it. about an hour later, he was ours and he is currently the happiest he could be, you could almost swear hes smiling whenever you go over to pet him. he is definitely the most perfect pet we could have!!!
She adopted you. How cool
This is my spot. On my human.
I have a little "Pepper corn" I found at my work who looks just like them. Just as loving too.
ADOPT HER FASTER
I hope that I find a cat who likes me half as much!
this is a gorgeous torbie girl! come see us over in r/torties, she'll be a hit!
I just dropped off three kitties for adoption at the shelter. I hope they find someone like you.
Check out @missbrookenistor on Instagram 🔥🔥👅👅
Shit I don’t like cats but if one did that to me I’d adopt it too
Exactly how I found my girlfriend
Amazing!  
Congrats!

My stupid family wants a puppy. Puppies don't do that!
Go bears
You are the chosen one.
you wouldn’t happen to be in a cat cafe in chicago.. right? because i think i’ve also met that cutie
Take me home, Dad.
What sort of monstrosity is that map? Australia looks like it's grown a tumour around Darwin wtf
Now forsure Ii believe in Love in first sight!
Definitely a very grateful cat right there
Go Bears!!!
a perfect match! enjoy the fantastic bond and new best friend 💕
She was not taking any chances
#A P P R E C I A T I O N
Is this the cat Cafe in Wicker Park?? I live right around the corner.
nice place to sleep
My tabby picked me as well!!
can't wait to get my own cat
What breed is that? I have a kittwn that looks exactly like that one and I can’t find the breed.
She's just testing out her new bed.
Favorite post
Heart is melting ❤️🐾
This is very good
You don’t choose the cat, the cat chooses you.
Looks exactly like my baby--he used to do the same thing. Passed away a couple of weeks ago.
Now you’re stuck there
Would've been awkward if you were doing the application for another cat....
Wait till you take your mask off. Dun, dun, dun
Okay cool but what is that hat?
Ya'll look so good together. I think she wants to keep you forever, And I think that she thinks you are also a pillow because you sleep on the pillow to.😍👦🐈!
Congrats! You have been chosen 😊
for a second i thought it was going to be another cringe post about a girl climbing on top of a guy pretending to be \*adopted\* by him, thankfully that is not the case.
I had to watch it twice because that is so adorable
Seems you’re quite the ladies’ man!
I’m beginning to think people are “adopting” pets just for the social media upvotes and likes they get.
Omeeegee! I love this so hard! Thank you for adopting!
Is this in Chicago on North avenue??
Thanks for wearing your mask! Congrats on getting adopted by a cutie!
Did she climb the knee?
love at first sight
Bear down!
Bro, she adopted you.
Is this the windy kitty??
Gotta try out the perch while you do all the work.
[deleted]
Made my day
I filled out the application for my cat with him in my arms. 
Literally me holding him was the main reason I ended up with him because someone else was applying at the same time 😂
Cute cat!
Cat:Paperwork not needed...I'm home
She looks just like my cat
Think you struck gold
Is this the one you adopted OP (the one that climb on you) or were you adopting a different pet and then this little one climbed on you?
God, that pic is so sweet and beautiful. Thank you for sharing and being an interested person of action, not just talk💓💓💓
Looks like Windy Kitty Cat Cafe? That's where we got our two little furballs.
My heart.... I’M NOT CRYING!! YOU’RE CRYING!!!!
Looking right at home!!! They choose you just as much as you choose them!
That cat wants love and touch so badly.
Purrfect choice!
She picked you😉
They pick us as much as we pick them.
What a catch
That scene just melted my heart
That scene just melted my heart
Aww lol she said "I pick this human right here. Mine! Everyone see this! Hey over there u see this?! My human! Mine, be a good lad n fill out the paper wrk imma take a lil nap, thanks babe, what we doing for dinner I'm thinking tuna?"
Oh! She looks just like my cat, Squirrel! She's a brown tabby with orange swirled in, too! We adopted her when she was a year old, now she's 6 yrs and still becoming more and more cuddly all the time. She is so special to us, enjoy your new little sweetie!
😻
Awesome! My girl laid on my lap and played with the pen as I was filling out her application. It took me a good 30 minutes longer to fill it out but reassured me I made a good choice. Cats>Dogs
she picked you. excellent human choice
GG
i have found you, my human!
The chosen one!!!
Our cat did that when we adopted her. Best pet I've ever had.
She knows you’re her home.
You don't adopt cats, they adopt you. It's like Harry Potter Wands. The ~~wand~~ cat chooses the wizard
Clearly, it was meant to be!
You are definitely her person now. And, she will own you forever! 🖤
I don’t normally like cats, but this was cute.
Can confirm. Shoulder cat is best cat
She claimed you.  That is so sweet!
Would've been awkward if you were applying for a different cat...
The cat has spoken, you are the chosen.
Shoulder cat!!!
Happened to me too! I went to the humane society where they had the cats in these shared rooms, 5-6 cats in a room. The second room I visited, this little tabby cat walks right over to me, climbs immediately up my leg to my shoulder, and sits there happily purring away. There was no contest. The funny part was, the staff said he had been there for almost a year. How that little lovebug went unadopted for so long still is crazy to me, but maybe he was just meant to be mine.
Well dang, if that isn't a "sign" don't know what is. 
Best of luck to you both!
The first cat I got as an adult adopted me that way. I got to the shelter just after they closed, but picked out my kitten in the window. The next day I went back, and as I was pointing out the cat I liked, the kitten I eventually named "Rover" climbed up my back. It was meant to be.
thats cute
'We'll let you know. *wink*'
So sweet
She’s a stage one cling on!
This was meant to be!
Bear down! Also that pillow is amazing.
I came back from a night shift one morning to find out my roommate had acquired a kitten.  The first thing it did was run up to me and climb my entire body to sit on my shoulders.  My roommate couldn’t keep the cat and 7 years later this guy has been across the country with me 4 times and still chills on my shoulders.
Application schmapplication. She’s yours now.
Can't argue when they pick you!
You have been chosen!! You are the chosen one!
Bmore reppin
I had a cat that could be her twin. I named her Wilaminah, she was more devoted then a dog. She knew my and my husbands work schedule an would always run up the driveway to greet us. One day we got home and she was on the roof of the house. As we got out of the car we realized that she had delivered kittens an brought them down roof  to the yard which was shocking because she didn't look pregnant. She was the most devoted cat ever, good luck with your fur baby.
This is the 3rd time I have upvoted this today
I’m not a cat guy, I saw the bears hat and needed to upvote. But I will admit this is adorable.
Wow
Give this man all the awards!
Call it a sign!
That’s touching and sweet. She bonded right away.... WOW.
clearly they were meant to be
